File 0: AHMAT SULEIMENOV.docx
AHMAT SULEIMENOV +971 50 000 9004 ⬦ ahmat.suleimenov@nyu.edu ⬦ linkedin.com/akaaasuleimenov ⬦ akaaaleimenov.github.io EDUCATION New  York  University  Abu  Dhabi	Expected May 2024 B.S. of Computer Science and Mathematics	GPA: 3.88/4.00 Relevant Coursework: Software Engineering, Computer Systems Organizations, Algorithms, Data Structures, Autonomous and Social Robots, iOS University 42 Software Engineering School	Aug 2019 - Aug 2020 Software Engineering	Fremont, CA Implemented 10+ C library functions Taught 50+ new students the foundation of C programming language and terminal usage Built a fully working copy of the shell Nazarbayev Intellectual School	Sep 2015 - May 2019 A-level education in Computer Science, Mathematics, and Physics	GPA:  3.92/4.00  EXPERIENCE Lead  Developer	Jun 2021 - Present Impact Admissions	Nur-Sultan, KZ Programmed a bot to modify scores of 98 students and post leader board in telegram and Google Sheets. Researched market of 10 Ed Tech companies, compared their gains, and tested their platform on 20 students. Developing an admissions prediction platform that analyzes student’s essays, exams, and grades Unix  Lab  Tutor	Aug 2021 - Present New York University Abu Dhabi	Abu Dhabi, UAE Assisting students with their assignments, CS concepts, and personal tech projects Leading CS related workshops on a monthly basis with more than 30 students attending regularly PROJECTS Fire Fighting Robot  Python/Gearsbot	May 2021 - Jul 2021 Constructed a robot system able to detect survivors in burning buildings and clear obstacles in its path Virtual  File  System   C++/STL/OOP/Linux/Sorting algorithms	Mar 2021 - Apr 2021 Implemented a user-friendly, private file system on C++ Designed the ability to modify file using Linux commands Doodle Jump   Python/Processing	Nov 2020 - Dec 2020 Programmed from scratch a Doodle jump game on Processing IDE ACTIVITES Google Developers Club - Co-Lead, supervising work of various teams	Aug 2021 - Present ACM ICPC Team - Team Leader, competing in ACM ICPC	Jun 2021 - Present IEEE - Member, competing in IEEEXtreme and hackathons	Dec 2020 - Present AWARDS Astana Innovations Challenge Hackathon - Top 2 among 50+ teams Republican Mathematics Olympiad Bronze Medalist - Top 15 among 200+ participants Future Leaders Exchange Program (FLEX) - Top 2% among 5000+ applicants SKILLS Programming Languages: Python, C++, C, Dart, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Frameworks/Tools: Git, Flutter, SQL, Pandas, Photoshop, Figma

File 1: ALAN TAZHIMBETOV.docx
ALAN TAZHIMBETOV alan1134@gmail.com ⬦ +7 747 720 1000  EDUCATION  Suleyman Demirel University	September 2016 - June 2020 Almaty, Kazakhstan B.S. in Computer Science. Receiver of government scholarship for top science Olympiad medalists.  EXPERIENCE  Chocolife.me	June 2019 - Present Core developer	Almaty, Kazakhstan Core Developer on the #1 coupon service in Kazakhstan with 300,000+ monthly active users Top-5 contributor by pull requests in the company Worked on every part of the platform: buildsystem, deployments, microservices, database refactoring Built new version of API for the whole mobile application which decreased number of requests to the server by x3 Integrated Elasticsearch which optimized all admin-panel’s database requests’ latency by x5 Automated user data consistency among main services via RabbitMQ and Pub/Sub design pattern Refactored MySQL table’s schema which decreased the number of records from 10 Million to 300 thousand rows Chocolife.me	January 2019 - May 2019 Software Engineering Intern	Almaty, Kazakhstan Designed & developed blogging platform’s miscroservice using Phalcon, PHP via RestAPI & OpenAPI 100% unit & functional tests coverage using Codeception Suleyman  Demirel  University	September 2016 - December 2016 Teaching Assistant, Part-time	Almaty, Kazakhstan Supervised 20+ students and gave 15+ lectures on algorithms & data structures in Java  PROJECTS  Vehicle registration plate recognizer Diploma project	May 2019 - June 2019 Created whole software ecosystem for automatic number-plate recognition Built RESTful API which recognizes car license number from a received image. Used Flask, OpenCV Created dashboard for clients which provides access control for clients parking lot. Used Laravel  SKILLSET  Confident in: PHP, Data Strucutre and Algorithms Had experience with: Python, Java, C#, Git, Lua, MySQL, Tarantool  AWARDS  Bronze medal in the Mostratec international Science and Technology Exhibition 2016 (Among 100+ teams) Top-2 in Regional Olympiad in Biology 2015 (Among 30+ students)

File 2: Alan Ulubayev.docx
Alan Ulubayev     Education Suleyman Demirel University	Almaty, Kaskelen district Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences	Aug. 2016 – May 2020  Projects Alfa-Bank (App store) | ATFBank (App store) | Altyn-i (App store)|  Experience iOS developer	Feb 2020 – Ongoing Alfa-Bank Kazakhstan Decreased build time by comparing carthages and pods Explored new technologies and shared findings with the team iOS developer	Sep – Jan 2020 DAR Worked on network layer which can be reused in every project Configured push notifications of the project iOS developer	Jul 2019 – Sep 2020 ATFBank Head of the development iOS team Developed and launched the application from scratch in over 60 k people (Rating: 4.7) Worked closely with product managers and designers to define a rich iOS experience for the user Configured architecture and security of the application Improved product quality through code reviews Performed technical designs and implementation of the application Internship	Jan 2019 – May 2019 Infin-IT Solution Worked on mobile-banking applications Fixed bugs Refactored codes Added new functionalities like filter for dates and custom reusable views  Skills Swift, Java, Multi-threading, CI/CD, Fastlane, Dependency Injection, Reactive programming patterns (RX), SOLID, Clean Swift architecture (VIP), VIPER, MVVM

File 3: Albina Roshchupkina.docx
Albina Roshchupkina, Software Engineer in Test +380000617225, albina.roshchupkina@gmail.com  LINKS	Linkedin  PROFILE	• Certified Test Engineer/Test Analyst with 10 years’ experience in software testing Certified Scrum Master Experience in Test Automation using Java, Serenity, RestAssured, Cucumber JVM Experience in different types and techniques of software testing Experience in Leading QA teams Working experience in Waterfall and Agile software development methodologies.  EMPLOYMENT HISTORY  May 2021 — Present	Software Engineer in Test, 6-Systems/SIXT	Riga IT branch of SIXT, which is one of the biggest international mobility service provider. Project is payment service that facilitates payment transactions and settlement for the SIXT exposing only relevant payment logic to the clients Implementing and reviewing automation tests using Java, RestAssured, Serenity BDD. Improving quality of the product by reviewing every functionality from business and technical point of view. Improving processes in test automation, to achieve better coverage, simplify code and fix outdated failed tests in order to elevate monitoring results.  May 2018 — May 2021	Software Engineer in Test, SIXT	Riga Connected car/Telematics platform. Data retrieval and communication via IoT, virtual handling of customer interaction via smartphone app, condition monitoring of the vehicles. Created API test automation framework from scratch using Java, RestAssured, Serenity BDD Implemented Java Spring Boot service to have possibility control Vehicle Simulator via HTTP and to create automation tests using Vehicle Simulator Implemented Java mock service based on the Wiremock to be able to test project services independent from other architecture Tested smartphone application with real vehicles and simulator  Mar 2015 — Mar 2017	Quality Assurance Engineer/ QA Lead, Luxury Fashion Trade GmbH Online store based on open source e-commerce platform.  Introduced web automation testing to the team using Java, Cucumber JVM and Serenity BDD which allowed to perform regression tests everyday Trained manual QA team to work with the framework and create automation tests Tested and supported Magento platform based online store Leading manual and Automation QA teams, implemented, improved and reviewed QA processes   Nov 2013 — Jan 2015	Quality Assurance Engineer, Aginity LLC	Kharkiv Enterprise Business Process Improvement software solution that allows process large volumes of information Tested data processing Created SQL scripts as automation tests to run them everyday and check data is correctly stored Tested stored procedure, templates and reports to improve quality of the product  Nov 2010 — Nov 2013	Quality Assurance Engineer, Nix Solutions Ltd.	Riga Web-based "business to business" search system that provides access and search facilities through scientific publications database for universities, laboratories, etc. As it was my first company I gained experience in web testing, requirement analysis, test documentation development Was responsible for manual testing and test documentation development in the project and later for training new team members EDUCATION  Sep 2006 — May 2012	Master, National Technical University (Kharkiv Polytechnical Institute) Electronics engineer researcher (honor diploma)   Kharkiv    SKILLS	SQL Git Selenium Java Jenkins Cucumber Docker API Testing Automated Testing Manual Testing    CERTIFICATES  ISTQB Certified tester Advanced Level - Test Analyst ISTQB Certified Tester, Foundation Level Professional Scrum Master I Assessment M101J: MongoDB for Java Developers

File 4: Alexandr Petrov.docx
Alexandr Petrov Russia (open to relocate) | mail@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/user/ Visa sponsorship required  Summary 5+ years of experience in building massively scalable systems (mostly using Java and Kotlin) both from scratch and diving into an existing codebase. Currently I’m a backend developer (Java, Kotlin) in the e-commerce startup.  Skills  Languages: Java, Kotlin, SQL, JavaScript, PHP, C++ Technologies: stateless microservices, AWS, Spring, Hibernate, Protobuf/gRPC, GWT, AOP, Redis, SOLR, JUnit, Maven, Gradle, perf, async-profiler, WebDriver, Qt Tools: TeamCity, YourKit, VisualVM, IBM TMDA, jconsole, jhat, Jenkins/Hudson Source control: Git OS: MacOS, Ubuntu Databases: PostgreSQL, MySQL, Clickhouse IDE: IntelliJ IDEA Application servers: Jetty  Work experience Accomplishments: performed major version upgrade for backbone technologies such as Java and GWT designed and implemented rolling upgrade for the most highly loaded service designed and implemented new shard routing scheme fixed an issue in database driver that cut down CPU load by 30% designed, implemented and proposed new queue scheduling scheme that reduced latency by a factor of 10  Software Engineer, ACME, Russia	Jan 2015 — present  Projects: Shard routing revamp (Java, Kotlin, PostgreSQL). Mostly as a single developer, the design was thoroughly discussed with team leads and CTO.  Accomplishments: implemented and supported rolling upgrade for the most highly loaded service designed and implemented new shard routing scheme. Reduced memory consumption by 90%, shortened release time and significantly reduced database load made new design stateless, breaking the release dependencies reduced database load caused by data migration between the shards Integration for partnership (Java, Kotlin, PostgreSQL). Team of two.  Accomplishments: led technical communication with partner development team redesigned data importing service from scratch proposed a new queue scheduling scheme. Used queue lookup to improve latency Data denormalization (Java, PostgreSQL). Team of two.  Accomplishments: denormalized one of the most sophisticated data structure in the project came up with the design for spreading the load on database caused by denormalization of shared data New auth metadata service (Java, Kotlin, PostgreSQL). Team of three.  Accomplishments: separated auth logic from monolith app into another service  used AOP to keep common code in one place General  Accomplishments: used pg_buffercache to trace issue with well indexed query being slow used perf utility to trace database driver issue and made a talk on it implemented webhook service from scratch  Software Engineer, Oceanic Airlines, Russia	Jan 2014 - Dec 2014 Projects: Smart house system (Java, GWT). Team of 5+.  Accomplishments: implemented an SVG redactor for sensors in the rooms Food ordering service for trains (Java). Team of 3. Accomplishments: implemented REST API for the service  Software Engineer, Ultor Mining Corporation	Jun 2012 - Dec 2013 Projects: 1. QA automation  Accomplishments: implemented testing framework using WebDriver and PageObject pattern set up headless CI that performed tests using WebDriver Education Master's Degree in Computer Science	2009-2014 Ulyanovsk state technical university Department of Information systems and technologies

File 5: Alex Boreiko.docx
Pavel Kukushkin +7(909)683-00-06 | kukushaaa@gmail.com | Technical Skills  Languages: Java, C#, SQL, XMl, VoiceXML, SOAP. REST Developer Tools: Git, Visual Studio, IntelliJ, Eclipse, Orchestration Designer, SVN, Pentaho Avaya Systems: Voice Portal,Experience Portal, Proactive Outreach Manager, Elite Multichannel, Interaction Center, Callback Assist Avaya Skills: Administration, Configuration, Development, Support Omilia Systems: DiaManT, DeepASR, Conversation Studio, OmAccounts, OmIVR,Apache Tomcat,MS SQL DB,CentOS, RedHat, Avaya Linux,Windows Server Other Systems: UniMRCP (Installation, Configuration with Avaya), Nanosemantic (chat bots integration with Avaya), Yandex Cloud (ASR/TTS Integration with Avaya), 7twenty (Installation), WebIm—ThreadsIm (Agregators of social media. Integration with Avaya EMC) Experience Software  engineer	September 2014 – November 2020 LLC”Oberon”	Russia, Moscow Job responsibilities mainly included working with Avaya systems, more specifically, installing, configuring and maintaining these systems (see the Technical Skills section). Additionally, a significant part of the working time was occupied by the development of integration components for various customers, most of which were focused on AAEP and POM systems (application development + integration components written in Java), as well as the EMC. (C#). Furthermore, recently there has been active work with the Omilia IVR system, including installation of this system and application development for our client (xml+java classes), and with unimrp. (installation and administration) Senior Software Engineer	December 2020 - present LLC”Oberon”	Russia, Moscow The actual duties of managing a team of 3 people were added Projects I’m proud of Universal Questionnaire (Avaya POM): An application for Proactive Outreach Manager, which interprets a pseudo natural language to describe the survey script, this allows you to change the system behavior (modify the survey) by adjusting the text file, which does not require the involvement of developers. POM Agent Desktop (Avaya POM + EMC): A plug-in for the Avaya Elite Multichannel Desktop system that allows the agent to work with all POM capabilities in the EMC Desktop window. Based on POM Agent API Oberon Gateway Omnichannel (Avaya EMC—WebIm—ThreadsIm—mfms): An integration service that provides interaction between aggregators of multimedia channels and the Avaya contact center. The program expands the capabilities of the Elite Multichannel system, providing the ability to communicate via social media. networks and messengers. The service has integration with the CRM system to ensure a single history of all customer chats and calls. Development for the Oberon service center: Omilia app that provides a self-service options for customers of the company’s service center to work with their requests. An application that provides synchronization between the schedule of company attendants and their Google calendar, with an SMS notification at a specified time before duty. Education Moscow Technical University of Communications and Information Science	Russia, Moscow Bachelor of Information Systems and Technology	2011 – 2015

File 6: Alex Konev.docx
Alex Konev ML/DL specialist alkonev111@gmail.com · Moscow, Russia EXPERIENCE	 Yandex Machine Learning Developer - Moscow, Russia Developing video recommender system. I work on the whole pipeline: logs processing/data collection/model training/AB-testing/models deployment March 2020 onwards Yandex.Market Intern analyst Developed a recommender system for categories. Re- sponsibilities: data collection/model training/AB- testing May - August 2019  EDUCATION	 M.S. Data Science Skoltech Developing DL models for multimodal trajectory pre- diction for self-driving cars 2018-2021 B.S. Physics Lomonosov Moscow State University 2014-2018  AWARDS & RECOGNITION	 Open AI Caribbean Challenge Rooftops classification using satellite data. Used CNN models + smart stacking 3/1425 Link to a post in organizers‘ blog Kaggle Lyft Motion Prediction for Au- tonomous Vehicles Bronze: 68 / 925 teams The task was to predict the trajectory of the agents (cars/bikes/pedestrians etc) around the autonomous vehicle. I combined different approaches of pretrained CNNs and self-implemented graph nets   AWARDS & RECOGNITION	 International hackathon Ice Vision Chal- lenge The task was to detect road sings with the inference time restriction 6 / 26 Link  SKILLS	 Technologies Python, Pytorch, TensorFlow, ML stack (numpy, scipy, pandas, sklearn etc), SQL Math Machine Learning / Deep Learning (implemented con- volutional nn using pure numpy, writing formulas for backprops) / Numerical Linear Algebra / Large Scale Optimization / Advanced Statistical Methods Languages Russian (native speaker), English (fluent)  PROJECTS   Optimal Control of Satellite Model via Neural Networks [pdf] comparison of deep learning and reinforcement approaches to the task of optimal control of satellite model  Attention/decision maps [pdf] Detecting regions of MRI responsible for health problem

File 7: Alina Borovik.docx
Alina Borovik Data Architect, Data Service Architect borovik.alll@gmail.com    PROFILE	6+ years of experience in business analysis, process discovery and reengineering, including Data Modeling group of processes (in Sberbank) 2+ years of experience in data architecture and data warehousing 2+ years of experience in banking Motivated to enhance knowledge and expertise in data management practices and technologies to provide users with up-to-date solutions.    SKILLS & EXPERTISE ARIS Architect PowerDesigner BPMN TOGAF DAMA DMBOK Data Modeling SQL ETL Python    EMPLOYMENT HISTORY   Jun 2019 — Dec 2020	Data Service Architect, Enterprise Architecture Division, Sberbank Moscow, Russia   Technologies: ARIS, PowerDesigner As Data Service architect (Data Modeling group of processes, scope: Glossaries, Logical Data Model, Integrated Data Layer): Collecting and analyzing business needs for the data service, conducting interviews, existing process discovery, high-level cost-benefit analysis; Designing data service and related processes, ensuring reconciliation with other processes within the enterprise, creating development and roll-out roadmap; Leading Data Service development: creating technical requirements documentation for short-term (based on ready-to-use options) and long-term (ML-based modules for entity resolution and term mapping etc) service operation, initiating change requests for developers, approving results upon completion and piloting; Roll-out leading and promoting changes: leading data service working group, communicating updates to users, involved/affected teams and management; user training, ensuring fixes of issues and documentation availability during service roll-out and delivery;  As Data Architect and Member of Logical Data Modeling Committee: Developing, adopting and reviewing Data Modeling and related standards (such are logical data modeling standard, name convention, allowed domains, Logical data model extension requirements); Reviewing logical data model changes (increments) and taking decisions wether to merge or reject an increment developed by data modelers.   Apr 2018 — Nov 2020	Data Analyst / ETL Developer, Lab4U	Moscow, Russia  Project: Reporting and BI system development (system of reference + BI tool for Executives and Marketing + customer service department operational reporting): Technologies: PowerBI, SQL, Google Analytics, Python, 1C Bitrix Accomplished detailed business analysis and data sources analysis to ensure compliance with internal needs and stakeholders requirements; Glossary composing, logical data modeling; Designing, developing, testing and maintaining of ETL and data integration procedures, data marts; Developing and maintaining executive dashboards.  July 2015 — March 2018	Project manager, Bureau Veritas	Moscow, Russia  Process discovery internal auditing, process audit report composing; Leading of IOT-based monitoring system project for Russian market: UI localization, business requirements analysis, creating technical requirement documents, solution piloting.   Jan 2014 — June 2015	EHS Process Engineer, PepsiCo	Vladivostok, Russia  Developing and optimizing EHS management processes in accordance with company EHS Policy and company standards; Conducting Risk assessment, root cause analysis, planning and implementing corrective actions and preventative measures for performance improvements; Team training, EHS-related changes promoting.   June 2011 — May 2012	Private Banker, Alfa Bank	Irkutsk, Russia Business development, client portfolio enhancement; Financial services delivery and financial advisory for Private Banking Clients.   EDUCATION HISTORY   Sep 2017 — Nov 2021	Bachelor of Computer Science, Pacific State University Applied Informatics in Economics Khabarovsk, Russia    Feb 2018 — March 2019	Diploma course in Data Science Bauman Moscow State Technical University Training Centre Data Science and Applied Statistics Moscow, Russia    Sep 2005 — Jun 2009	Bachelor (unfinished, transferred), Pacific State University Civil Engineering Khabarovsk, Russia      LANGUAGES	English	Very good command	Russian	Native speaker 

File 8: Alina Synhaievska.docx
Alina Synhaievska   London, United Kingdom  +44 7743 840602    Profile   I'm an enthusiastic Frontend Developer seeking an entry-level position at a company where I can use my previous experience and skills in projects which push me to develop in the software engineering field and related spheres.   Work experience Skills HTML, CSS Grid, Flexbox JavaScript React, Redux GraphQL, Apollo VCS(Git) Scrum Development Communication       01 / 2020 – 06 / 2020  KYIV, UKRAINE Frontend developer EPAM Systems I acted as a Frontend developer in two charity projects - Klitschko foundation helping to develop sports among youth - owned by world famous Ukrainian boxers and foundation for helping homeless people. I had a scrum team of five Frontend developers and JIRA was used as a project management system. My main responsibilities were to develop new user facing features, build stable code, collaborate with back-end developers and web designers to improve usability, write functional requirement documents and guides, contribute to daily scrum meetings, sprint reviews and planning sessions.  LANGUAGES Ukrainian, Russian	Native English	Professional    Hobbies  Fitness	Snowboarding	Swimming  Reading	Cooking	Traveling    05 / 2019 – 01 / 2020  KYIV, UKRAINE Trainee EPAM Systems Studied the basics of object-oriented programming, the fundamentals of functional programming, design and architectural patterns, the capabilities of new ECMAScript's standards (ES6, ES7, etc.). Completed several development projects collectively using the Angular and ReactJS frameworks.  Education   2009 – 2015  KYIV, UKRAINE Law Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv

File 9: ALMAZ ManSUrOV.docx
ALMAZ ManSUrOV mr.behraaaansurov@gmail.com |	link:mrbaaauzmansurov |	github:aaasurovB-source  Education ITMO University	Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation Bachelor of Software Engineering	Sep 2018 – Sep 2022 GPA - 4.2/5.0  Experience Software engineer intern	Remote, full-time Nethermind - provides the world’s fastest .NET Ethereum Client	Jun – Oct 2021 Contributed to the implementation of the eth call module to send a transaction immediately, without creating a transaction in the blockchain. The module can be used to query the state of an internal contract, to execute validations coded into a contract, or even to test what the effect of a transaction will be without running it in real-time. The calculation of transaction costs implemented in the eth call module helps to calculate exactly how many resources are needed to complete the transaction Implemented automatic detection of the transaction type in the eth call namespace, which simplifies the process of sending a transaction  Highlighted projects File-Exchange C, Bash Develop a client-server application. To organize interaction over the network, support multiple connections, use the software interfaces (APIs) of the operating system. The server and clients communicate using a socket-based protocol. The server must support a conditionally unlimited number of clients. At all stages of interaction between the client and the server, data processing should be provided, regardless of their size. Simultaneous downloading of different fragments of the same file from several sources is implemented. Gangster-NTFS C, Bash Is basic application for serving NTFS file system. Gangster-NTFS is a user-space driver for working with the NTFS file system. Gangster-NTFS can read and copy files and directories from the NTFS file system to the outside and can output all connected devices to the computer. Kabiri Java 8, PostgreSQL, Spring Framework, VueJs A REST web application based on VueJs with user authorization to order sausage products. The Spring backend is responsible for verifying and storing data. Triggers and functions were created for the designed database to ensure data integrity. And added indexes to some tables to achieve high query performance. BmpTools C, Bash A simple C-based app for rotating, blurring, and mirroring, as well as a sepia filter for BMP image format. Notebook Java 8, PostgreSQL, Spring Framework, VueJs A REST web application based on VueJS. The Spring server part is responsible for checking and storing data. Balloc C, Bash Implementation of own version of malloc and free based on the memory mapping system call mmap and a linked list of chunks of arbitrary sizes. It can be viewed as a simplified version of a memory manager typical for the standard C library and shares most of its weaknesses. MathX  Java 8 Created several utilities that can find solutions to systems of linear and nonlinear algebraic equations, Cauchy problems; integrate, approximate and interpolate functions. TCP - Exchanger   Java 8, PostgreSQL Client-server application with registration, authorization in ”pure” Java, the transmission of data about user objects via TCP in JSON format, and data storage in a database. Users can view all the objects which stored on the DB, but can change only their own ones.  Achievements Google Hash Code 2021, top 12% in Online Qualification Finalist, International Zhautykov Olympiad in Math, Physics and Programming 2018 1st place in HackNU 2021 from Facebook, International Online Hackathon  Skills Languages: Java, C, C++, C#, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Frameworks: Spring Frameworks, VueJs Developer Tools: Git, SVN, JUnit, Selenium, ANT, Maven DBMS: PostgreSQL, MySQL Experience with:Python, Shell

File 10: Andrey Korovkin.docx
    Summary Andrey Korovkin 416-000-8543 | nd.sergey@outlook.com | linkedin.com/in/srti-korovkin | Kelowna, BC, Canada   I am a seasoned Front-end Developer with a track record of enhancing user experiences and automating processes to increase efficiency. My expertise stretches across a comprehensive suite of programming languages and frameworks. I have been instrumental in developing applications and tools that have streamlined refined sales operations, and significantly boosted engagement and productivity within the teams I’ve worked with. My hands-on experience has consistently resulted in positive outcomes in both user engagement and sales performance.  Experience  Front-end  Developer	Dec. 2021 – Present Leroy Merlin Spearheaded the development of a marketplace app using React.js and Node.js, leading to a 35% increase in user engagement and a 25% rise in transactions Designed and implemented a user-friendly interface for returns initiation using HTML5 and CSS, improving process efficiency by 40% Contributed to the automation of the claims processing system, reducing technical support inquiries by half, using TypeScript and Redux Conducted interviews and mentored new developers, enhancing team performance and expediting project onboarding Front-end  Developer	Jul. 2021 to Dec. 2021 Decart Developed a competency map application in React, enhancing employee skill assessment transparency and efficiency. Instrumental in improving skill audit accuracy by 25% post-launch, aiding in talent management and career development Optimized skill tracking processes, reducing time for managerial and HR assessments by 50% Front-end Developer	Apr. 2020 to Jun. 2021 Kata Academy Enhanced a training platform using JavaScript and AJAX, improving user experience and resource accessibility. Implemented features to create an optimal learning environment, utilizing React Query and Material-UI Mentored 50+ students, fostering a supportive learning atmosphere and improving skill mastery Developed an automated service generation library with Swagger, increasing development efficiency by 20% Front-end  Developer	Dec. 2018 to Apr. 2020 IEK Group of Companies Developed configurators for electrical equipment using JavaScript, boosting the sales process efficiency by 50% Collaborated with product managers to understand specifications, reflected in accurate and effective configurators Implemented a feature to generate specifications of recommended products, which could be downloaded in Excel or PDF formats, enhancing customer convenience and increasing downloads by 25% Utilized analytics to enhance user experience, improving sales performance by 20% Education  Sevastopol State Technical University	Sevastopol, Ukraine Master’s degree, Electronic systems and complexes	Sep.  2016 – Jan.  2022 Technical Skills  Languages: JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS, SQL, PHP, JSON Frameworks: React.js, Node.js, Express.js, Next.js, Tailwind CSS Developer Tools: GitHub, Git, Jenkins, Webpack, ESLint, Prettier, Jest, Cypress Libraries: AJAX, Redux, React Query, Material-UI, TypeORM, RestAPI, Formik, Swagger

File 11: Ann_Mokhan.docx
  Sunny Isles  linkedin.com/in/mokhan-1a836000 Ann MOKHAN    (+1) 682-217-1111   aaamokhan@gmail.com   A QA AUTOMATION ENGINEER WITH 4+ YEARS OF EXPERIENCE WITH GREAT ATTENTION TO DETAILS, AN EXCELLENT ACADEMIC RECORD, WITH GOOD UNDERSTANDING OF SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT LIFECYCLE, GOOD KNOWLEDGE OF SOFTWARE TESTING CONCEPTS AND METHODOLOGIES. LOOKING FOR A CHALLENGING ROLE IN A HIGH-LEVEL PROFESSIONAL ENVIRONMENT TO UTILIZE MY TECHNICAL, MATH AND COMMUNICATION SKILLS.    EXPERIENCE	 Quality Assurance Automation Engineer	MarTech Stack LLC	Oct 2019 – Dec 2020 Developed, modified, and executed software test plans, automated scripts, and programs for testing. Increased the productivity of forms by analyzing test results, providing feedback, and consulting with development engineers in the resolution of various problems. Tracked software problems and verified their correction. Coordinated necessary testing resources to meet deadlines. QA Engineer	IT Royalty	Feb 2014 – Dec 2014 Investigated and analyzed requirements, specifications and technical documents for creating and maintaining well designed test documentation (test plans and test cases). Designed and executed complex SQL scripts to maintain data. Performed black-box testing, integration, regression, smoke, positive/negative testing.  QA Automation Software Testing Engineer	SmartSoft	Jan 2013 – Jan 2014 GMSP Risk Feed Quality Monitor: tool for checking big amounts of financial data via diﬀerent business rules. Start-up company specialized in development and support of custom web and back-end solutions. Participated in daily/weekly meetings in accordance with Agile principles. Performed functional manual testing of UI (Web application). Implemented and maintained QA Automation tests using Selenium Webdriver and C# Junior Software Testing Engineer	HealthCorp	Jun 2011 – Jul 2012 Analyzed specification, added details, wireframes and screenshots to it. Performed functional manual testing on diﬀerent phases of testing cycle. Performed usability testing. Reported issues into an owned bug-tracking system.  SKILLS  Experience in Selenium (Webdriver), C#. Experience in SQL (MS SQL). Experience in Waterfall and Agile (Scrum, Kanban) methodologies. Experience in preparing and maintaining testing/technical documentation. Strong communication and self-organizing skills, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills. Strong work ethics, passionate and detail oriented, focused on result and quality, creative thinking, initiative and committed to project goals. Team player.    EDUCATION	 Minsk, Belarus	Belarusian State University	2008 - 2009 Master's degree, Mathematics Minsk, Belarus	Belarusian State University	2005 - 2008 Bachelor's degree (diploma cum laude) in Mathematics and computer science

File 12: Artur Yapparov.docx
            CONTACT +61400037444 araaaufa88@gmail.com https://au.linkedin.com/in/araaayapparov  PROFILE Software engineer with master’s in information security and 10 years of experience specializing in front end. Seeking to leverage my technical and soft skills to become the next software engineer at ByteDance.  EDUCATION 2005-2010 Information security, Master's degree, Ufa State Aviation Technical University  SKILLS FRONT END DEVELOPMENT Javascript, Typescript, React, Angular  BACK END DEVELOPMENT PHP, Java, Node.js  MOBILE DEVELOPMENT React Native, Cordova  DATABASES MySQL, Postgres, MongoDB, CouchDB, InfluxDB  FEATURE LEADING EXPERIENCE SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Atlassian, Australia | jun 2017 - present Writing tons of javascript code. Refactoring legacy, adding new features. Monitoring our team’s SLAs Feature Leading. Led multiple projects from planning to delivery. Drove key decisions, such as choosing tech stack and building an API. Facilitated deployment and managed expectations of customers and stakeholders. Mitigated potential negative impact on customers by adding metrics and SLAs. Mentoring junior developers. Gave several public talks. Topics: JS fundamentals - event loop/call stack; Accessibility; How to handle very long recursions.  SOFTWARE ENGINEER Philips, Netherlands|nov 2016 - may 2017 As part of PPF (proto-pilot factory) team, I was developing prototype mobile apps using React Native.  TEACHER Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics, Belarus|sep 2015 - jun 2016 Initially started as a lab assistant, I had to replace the teacher and led one subject for two semesters. I conducted lectures, lab sessions and exam in the end of second semester.  FULL STACK DEVELOPER HQSoftware, Belarus|nov 2014 - oct 2016 Developed all sort of apps (web/mobile/desktop) using various languages (Javascript, PHP), libraries and frameworks (React, React Native, Angular, Ember, Symphony, Laravel, Electron) and databases (MySQL, Postgres, MongoDB, CouchDB, InfluxDB) Communicated with customers and together with them planned our work Managed the team work and collaboration  PHP  DEVELOPER B2B-Center, Belarus|feb 2014 - oct 2014 As a PHP developer during my time at B2B-Center I was developing trade platform used by large businesses in Russia.  WEB DEVELOPER Prestigia.com, Morocco|sep 2011 - nov 2013 Prestigia is a small online travel agency, where I worked on both back end (PHP, MySQL) and front end (Javascript, jQuery).

File 13: ASLANBEK ASADOV.docx
ASLANBEK ASADOV  	+998 97 412-00-00 	aslanbek888@icloud.com  iOS Developer 	+4 years of years of iOS experience. Built pixel perfect products for 0.5 million users. Areas: finance, banking, customer services Skills:  iOS/macOS/WatchOS: Swift, UIKit, SwiftUI, AppKit, Concurrency, Accessibility etc. Architecture: MVVM -C, MVVM, MVC, MVP, Test Driven UI, Technologies: CI/CD, Firebase ML Kit, Analytics (Mixpanel, Segment, Firebase), TensorFlow (ML), CoreML, Hadoop, Spark; Management: Scrum, Kanban, Unit Testing, Code Review, Refactoring. Programming languages and mathematical packages: Swift, Python, C, C ++ Computer aided design/engineering: Adobe XD, Figma, Sketch, Zeppelin; Other: SPSS, Linux Ubuntu, macOS, Windows OS, Postman API, Yacc, FLEX;  Work Experience: JSCB “Kapital Bank” – Apelsin Digital Bank, Tashkent	Oct. 2019 - present iOS developer: Wrote a framework for NFC Smart-card Tag reading of AID through Inner filesystem for iOS app in C/Swift - (utils static library); Worked with CoreBanking Interlayer, integrated HUMOPay NFC Payment framework to Andoid devices; Has been developing and maintaining Apelsin app - mobile banking app by Kapital Bank; Developed application from scratch: P2P, deposits, loans, worked with OAuth, etc; Worked with Paynet api, iABS api (Fido-Business), Google Firebase, Maps, implemented chat; Wrote high-quality code using MVVM-C architecture and covering code with unit tests, resulting in 90% test coverage; Developed backend driven UI architecture, where screens and interactions are defined by JSON. That allowed us to instantly push updates to the users without them having to update the app; Collaborated with backend and Android engineers to develop REST API contracts. Reviewed code of fellows engineers. 2-5 PRs reviewed per day. Worked with Core Banking Microservices and integrated them using self-developed interlayer written in Java Spring Framework; Official website of JSC “Kapital Bank”: www.kapitalbank.uz / apelsin.uz  JSCB “TBC UZ Bank” — (TBC International), Tashkent	Aug. – Oct. 2019 QA Engineer/ IT Intern: Worked with the most perspective team developing IT Banking based on Core Banking;    Worked with iABS, FIDO APIs, NIBBD API; Wrote API Test cases on JavaScript (5-6) using Postman GUI; Worked in a team management based on Agile; Official website of JSC “TBC UZ Bank": www.tbcbank.uz  JSC “Fox-Art Studio”, Tashkent	Jan. 2016 – Feb. 2019 iOS developer (freelancer): Developed Mobile applications for a variety of fields; Created: Ayo Service, F2B App, CarRent.Uz, Fox-Arts; Wrote high-quality code using MVVM-C architecture and covering code with unit tests, resulting in 90% test coverage; Developed backend driven UI architecture, where screens and interactions are defined by JSON. That allowed us to instantly push updates to the users without them having to update the app; Collaborated with backend and Android engineers to develop REST API contracts. Worked in a team with different developing skills, worked as Team Lead in Ayo Service/F2B apps.  Education Bachelor: Inha University in Tashkent (IUT), 9, Ziyolilar str., M.Ulugbek dist., Tashkent city Major: B.Sc. in Computer Science Graduated: 22 August 2020; GPA: 3.93 in 4.5 scale;  (87.3 out of 100.0 / 5.24 out of 6.0 in Swiss GPA Scale) Upper-secondary: Tashkent Polytechnic Professional College, 26, Amir Temur str., Tashkent city Major (Qualification): Finances Graduated: July, 2016; CGPA: 95.5 out of 100.0 (4.775 out of 5.0)  Research Experience Undergraduate student, Inha University in Tashkent	2019 – 2020 Internet of Things, SOC4110-002 dept.	2020 Spring semester Advisor: Dr. Francis Noh Tai – Professor at INHA University Korea, Former founder and representative of Bell Labs Korea; Developed and proposed solutions for modern city traffic congestions – Smart Traffic, SPNDSe IoT software solutions that consists of securely connected IoT devices through networks (WLAN 802.11.XX) to platform and users based on oneM2M infrastructure, Common Services Entity and RESTful API; Integrated hardware components, sensors (in-Vehicle, in-Road: RADAR, GPS, LIDAR, Pneumatic road tube, ILD, Piezoelectric, RFID Tags, etc.) using Arduino Uno; Wrote API for NB-IoT and LoRa communication between components of the systems in Python/C; This work resulted in top ranked term projects on IoT course, i.e. 3rd best software project, IUT, 2020;  Capstone Design, SOC4130-003 dept.,	2020 Spring semester Advisor: Jangwoo Kwon, Ph.D. – Professor at Dept. of Computer Eng. INHA University; Created a prototype of an autonomous smart car in a minimized aspect ratio using Arduino Uno; Wrote a software in Python for autonomous car communications, taking into consideration 4 motor modes (normal, deep, sensor, sensor deep) for lane detection using basic algorithms (Image BGR to HSV, HSV to GRAY, Gaussian Blur, Hough Lines, regression during separation of an amalgam of left/right sides); Wrote software in Python for Signs Recognition, obstacle and traffic light/crosswalk detection using camera and LIDAR using deep learning and raw data model; This work resulted in top ranked term projects on Capstone Design course, i.e. gained 4th best project in Spring 2020; Artificial Intelligence, SOC4040-002 dept.,	2019 Fall Semester Advisor: Dr. Francis Noh Tai – Professor at Dept. of Computer Eng. INHA University, Former founder and representative of Bell Labs Korea; Designed and developed a mobile application integrated with our custom optimized neural-network model that studies implications of mental diseases on a human being in various conditions and locations all the while providing medical suggestions in addition to professional cure; Analyzed and identified facial and vocal patterns of feelings and intonations of testees; Built a neural-network oriented on a mental health state classification of an individual in terms of existing medical care data with average confidence level of 82%; Tackled data collection and mining problems by sample mirroring techniques; This work resulted in top ranked term projects on the course, ranking 2nd best in Fall 2019; Theory of Programming Languages, SOC4140-001 dept.,	2019 Fall Semester Mentor: Dr. Abdul Rahim Naseer - Dean & Professor at Dept. of Computer Eng. INHA University, US Marquis Albert Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award Scholar; Designed and developed a new programming language “RULANG”, targeted on young engineers with lack of English Languages proficiency, based on C++/Swift/Java syntax and semantics with additions from FRINK PL for larger primitive data types (units of measure, advanced math. Functions etc.); Implemented by applying functional and imperative paradigms, set RULANG as pure interpreting languages that translates each line to a parse tree thus to be computed by Python predefined instructions; Defined semantics and syntax rules, lexical analyzer using FLEX, Symbol Table, Yacc GNU Bison;   Achievements Dean’s List member	2016-2020 all semesters Rankings: 8th place in 2017 Academic Excellence Scholar	2017 Spring semester Rankings: 8th place in 2017 Tuition Fee coverage: $ 2,500 USD  Honours & awards Apple Academic Scholarship	2020 - 2021 Università degli Studi di Napoli Federico II	Corso Nicolangelo Protopisani 70, Apple Developer Academy	80146, Napoli NA - Italy  Best Software Solution Award (IUT WORKSHOP)	Spring 2019 INHA University in Tashkent (IUT),	9, Ziyolilar str., M.Ulugbek dist., INHA Summer School Contest	Tashkent, Uzbekistan  Academic Excellence Scholarship	Spring 2017 INHA University in Tashkent (IUT),		9, Ziyolilar str., M.Ulugbek dist., Tashkent, Uzbekistan Teaching Experience Lecturer, tutor, SOS Education Centre, Tashkent, Uzbekistan	Spring - Summer 2019 Course: Introduction to C++, Advanced Programming in C++, Advanced iOS Development Responsibilities: Developed and delivered 6 months long courses to students at the educational centre using contemporary teaching techniques, like Challenge Based Learning (CBL), Moodle etc. Taught 3 groups of 32 students;  Projects JSCB “Kapitalbank”, Department of Innovative Products	2020 - present and Development at Apelsin Digital Bank Worked on integration of HumoPay, NFC based payment on Android devices through Apelsin app; Developed custom interlayer API for both Core Banking and Android NFC protocols compatibility; Info: https://apelsin.uz;  JSC “Project Managers”, Department of Development	Mar. 2020 – Apr. 2020 Voluntary contributed to the development of iOS app “Birga Yengamiz”; Worked with CoreBluetooth & BlueTracer API in order to develop app that will help to prevent, identify and drastically reduce prevalence of COVID-19 in Uzbekistan; Assembled app completely from scratch along with other 3 developers; Info: https://birgayengamiz.uz/  IUT WORKSHOP – an education app for INHA University	Mar. 2019 – May 2020 in Tashkent, Tashkent Worked as Team Leader and Idea owner, in Team of 5 developers, iOS developer; Worked in the investment platform assembling process; Developed self-learning AI Assistant “L.I.S.A.” who is aimed to help ease team & project management process; Developed the entire functionality, major user roles, set Scrum Sprints, maintained development process; Winner of Summer School Contest 2019  FerMa.uz – a farmer/distributor targeted app with marketplace       Sep. 2018 – May 2019 Tashkent, Uzbekistan - Moscow, Russia, Worked as Project Manager, iOS developer, team of 6 developers, developed 3 projects; Developed system of B2B and B2C for farmers and retailers; Created the system that helps farmers and retailers using contemporary technologies to communicate with each other and improve trade partnerships and eliminate corruption in the process of trade.  Volunteering GDGTashkent, Alphabet Inc., Google Developer Event	Nov. 2019 Helped in organization processes, facilities check, queues management etc. Instructor and Tutor of Freshmen Students at IUT	Aug. 2018 Helped freshmen students to coordinate at INHA University in Tashkent, adopt to the study conditions and provided all necessary information and help upon the request; Codecraft.uz, Hour of Code Instructor	Jun. – Aug. 2017 Helped teacher and tutors provide free-lesson for up to 80 kids within one day; Inha University in Tashkent, Math Competition Olympiad for students of Lyceums and Colleges Apr. 27- May 15 2017 Proctor, controlled process of holding Olympiad;.  Language skills	 Language Skills English – Fluent (IELTS 7.0 - 2020 y.);	German – Fluent (Goethe Zert. C1); Russian - Native Speaker;	Uzbek – Native Speaker;  References available upon request*

File 14: ASLAN TOLEUBAY.docx
ASLAN TOLEUBAY +7(707) 134-00-02 ⬦ Almaty, Kazakhstan  EDUCATION Master of Computer Science, University of Tsukuba	2021- Expected 2023 Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Nazarbayev University	2016 - 2020 SKILLS Technical  Skills	Python (Keras, TensorFlow), Embedded C, LaTex, MATLAB, GIT, Scrum, Confluence, Agile Dev Skills	Scrum, Confluence, Agile Development, LeanDS  EXPERIENCE ML engineer/Data scientist	Aug 2020 - Currently VEON – Beeline Kazakhstan	Almaty,  Kazakhstan Working on Deep Learning models’ optimization and Computer vision models’ improvement. Implemented attention network to liveness aware face recognition system in TensorFlow, which increased the accuracy of the base model by 3% without compromising the model’s computational time Cofounder  and  CTO	Dec 2019 – Aug 2020 Startup QT Analytics	Nur-Sultan,  Kazakhstan Proposed a driver behavior classification for better customer service and comprehensive risk assessment based on Machine Learning algorithms using sensor data taken from mobile phone. Agreed to launch a pilot project with Astana LRT, however, due to pandemic the project was canceled Research  Assistant	Dec 2019 – Aug 2020 Neuromorphic Hardware and AI group	Nur-Sultan,  Kazakhstan Worked with Deep Learning Networks. Optimized and developed the Binarized Neural Network (BNN) in TensorFlow for its application in hardware circuits, which allows the power reduction for up to 10-15% of dropped neurons without compromising the performance accuracy Published a book chapter called “Getting Started with TensorFlow Deep Learning” Visiting  Research  Student	Dec 2019 – Dec 2019 University of Tsukuba	Tsukuba, Japan Was one of 3 applicants selected from Kazakhstan. Shared experience in the field of AI, Technology and Science Visiting  Research  Student	Jul 2019 – Aug 2019 KAIST Control Laboratory ”Ctrl Lab”	Daejeon, South Korea Implemented Reinforcement Learning Proximal Policy Optimization algorithm to make a humanoid robot walk and run in the gym environment;  PUBLICATIONS Neural lightweight hardware cryptography for computationally restricted devices. Final year capstone project. Analog Brain-inspired Computing - Stochastic Dropout Crossbar Neural Nets. Second author,  Journal paper submitted to IEEE TBioCAS. Current status: Awaiting reviewer scores. Daily Transformer Electric Vehicle Charging Capacity Prediction Using a Recurrent Neural Network. Fourth author, Journal paper submitted to Energies. Current status: Under review.  EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES Head of Organizing committee of IEEE student chapter Visited KTZ railway company field and identified problems that can be solved using AI. Organized competition, where the best solutions were awarded valuable prizes (300000 KZT, Laptop, Airpods) by KTZ. Provided further possibility of commercialization of the projects in cooperation with NURIS. As a result, received the certificate of Appreciation from IEEE Kazakhstan for contribution for the development of IEEE student branch and for being an outstanding student mentor. Co-founder and president of Eco-Vehicles Club Organized information sessions about Shell Eco marathons and popularized it among students. Conducted university-wide SOLIDWORKS software courses. As a result, NU students participate in Shell Eco marathon contest each year.

File 15: Azamat Tsiamruk.docx
Azamat Tsiamruk Software Engineer with work experience in Ad-Tech, Entertainment and Logistics domains.  Contacts wtsaaaruk@gmail.com |	aaademar-tsiamruk |	wtaaamruk |	+385 91 0003 670 Experience Software Engineer	Oct 2020 – Present SENLA - Software Engineering Laboratory	Zagreb, Croatia Improved data replication ETL process, which increased revenue by 6% Developed API support for new ad types, which speeds up the business process by 30% Led the development of a service for Salesforce integration Developed LDAP based application authentication and authorization system  Software Engineer	Jul – Sep 2020 Banuba	Minsk, Belarus Five successful deployments of architecture improvements targeting union of API’s Created ETL processes for Data Warehouse, which speeds up sales data analysis by 60%  Software Engineer	Jul 2017 – Jul 2020 IBA Group	Minsk, Belarus Decreased server response time by 2x for business-critical data management module Migrated build system with build speed decreased from 17 minutes to 5 minutes Implemented validation system with flexible validation rules mechanism which works in a multi-threaded environment Helped with setup of log collection framework using ElasticSearch Fluentd and Kibana (EFK) Created a runtime generator of dynamic Kafka listeners that serves one of the basic building blocks for a low-code app configuration system   Skills Languages: English (B2), German (A1), Croatian (A1+), Belarusian (Native), Russian (Native) Programming Languages: Java, Kotlin, JavaScript, SQL, Go Frameworks: Spring Family (Web, Data, Security, Cloud Gateway), JPA (Hibernate), ReactJS, MobX Developer Tools: PostgreSQL, Apache Kafka, ElasticSearch, Amazon AWS (Kinesis, Redshift, S3, DynamoDB, Lambda, ECS, EC2), Liquibase, Git    Education School of Business and Management of Technology of BSU	Belarus, Minsk Specialist, Computer Software Engineering	2017 – 2019 IT Academy	Belarus, Minsk Bootcamp, Java Development	2016 – 2017 Belarusian State Pedagogical University	Belarus, Minsk Specialist, History Teacher	2010 – 2016

File 16: Baidar NU R I E V.docx
 

File 17: BALAMANOVA KATE.docx
BALAMANOVA KATE      EDUCATION +77012119111 | balamanova111@gmail.com |    International Information Technology University Bachelor of Information Systems	Sep. 2016 – May 2022 FH Schmalkalden University of Applied Sciences Exchange student of faculty Information Technologies	Oct. 2018 – Feb 2019   EXPERIENCE  KCELL JSC Software Developer | Java Spring, flyway, mybatis, redis, RabbitMQ	Sep 2020 – now Worked on back-end side of new corporate site of company from 0 to launch Experience on project migrated from monolith to microservices Started to write code review for colleagues Support junior SD Junior Software Developer |React, Java Spring, Oracle, PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, JDBC	Jul 2019 – Aug 2020 Worked to optimize internal web-site which process million of users E-Registry project for accountant and clients Logger and validation starter Work together with DevOpses to migrate projects from VM to kubernetes Zero To One Labs Mobile Developer Intern| React Native	Jun 2018 – Aug 2018 Took part in a coding boot camp where implemented various cross-platform mobile apps using technologies such as React Native, GraphQL and Firebase  AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS  International Student Scientiﬁc and Practical Conference "Youth, Science and Innovation - 2020", 2nd place First President Scholarship Winner between students of our country (Scholarship for top 50 students in KZ) Honor of Yessenov`s Foundation Scholarship for achievements of study and activities between students in the country. 3rd place: Demo Presentation at nFactorial Incubator 2018 honor application for abbiturents which help to select future career and university, got 3rd place out of approximately 100 mobile apps by the end of Bootcamp.   VOLUNTEERING & OTHER ACTIVITIES   Volunteer in “Club Dobryakov” which organizes charity events in city Almaty	2018 – 2020 Organizer and Leader of enthnic ensemble in university, every year the number of students is growing 2016 – 2020 Student Mentor of Hackathon organized by UNICEF.	2016   Sep Volunteer on “2017 Universade Winter Sport Games” International student`s sports federation.	2017 Feb   TECHNICAL SKILLS  Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, Framework & Tools: Spring Boot, React, React Native, GraphQL, flyway, myBatis, Oracle, PostgreSQL, Spring Data, FeignCloud, JUnit, Languages: English (Intermediate), Russian(Native Speaker)

File 18: BURAKOV FEDOR.docx
BURAKOV FEDOR Machine Learning Engineer, NaUKMA (2019-2023) buracov122@gmail.com	+7 907 506-81-00   EXPERIENCE	 Machine Learning Engineer Camai, Miniso (contract)  January 2021 – Present	Kyiv, Ukraine Developed visualization and evaluation tools that lead to bet- ter understanding of model’s error Engineered and implemented several features which lead to 15% increase in model’s performance  Contributed to ML Lab Fido.ai, NaUKMA  November 2020 – Present	Kyiv, Ukraine Implemented LSTM model for ethnicity classification Translated SQuAD dataset for Ukrainian BERT training Made Linear Regression tutorial for newbees  Math & Computer Science tutor Self-employed  July 2020 – August 2020	Mariupol, Ukraine Worked as a private teacher on summer holidays 100% positive feedback rate SKILLS  Programming languages: Python (confident), Java, C++ and Haskell (beginner) Frameworks: PyTorch (prefferred), Keras, Dask Libraries: scientific Python kit (numpy, pandas, matplotlib, etc.) Tools: Git, Linux, Jupyter&Colab, Streamlit, MLFlow Languages: English (Advanced), Russian and Ukrainian (native) COURSES	 Deeplearning.ai Coursera  September 2020 – October 2020 Neural Networks and Deep Learning Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter tuning, Regularization and Optimization Structuring Machine Learning Projects Natural Language Processing with Classification and Vector Spaces Atlassian Coursera  June 2020 Version Control with Git EDUCATION	 National University of "Kyiv-Mohyla Academy" Computer Science, BSc  September 2019– July 2023 Cumulative GPA 4.5/5 GPA of 4.75/5 in math related disciplines PROJECTS	 OpenCV demos  August 2020 Several OpenCV based pet-projects, includ- ing telegram bet that detects faces on pic- ture and replaces them with a pre-made face mask  Pac-Man inspired game 444 studios  June 2020 Was responsible for complete Ghost-AI part of the game, data structures and some of the game logic  Siamese neural network  January 2019 Word2Vec inspired project. The idea is to adapt NLP methods to music processing and to find piano chords that sound best suited together. Released a scientific paper on the topic EXTRA-CURRICULAR	 Ukrainian Junior Science Academy  March 2019 1st place in region  Published scientific paper  October 2018 “Machine learning of distributive semantics of musical chords in classical piano pieces”  Participated in several conferences on computer science  November 2018 – January 2019

File 19: Dima Samoylov.docx
Dima Samoylov +7 (707) 000-76-27 | aaaenesmlv@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/eaaanesmlv About  A Software Engineer with 5 years of extensive experience in designing, developing, and maintaining robust backend applications. My focus is mainly in the .NET ecosystem. Enthusiastic about enhancing my core skills while also keeping up with the latest industry trends and best practices. Experience Kaspersky	Moscow, Russia Research Developer	Apr. 2021 – Aug. 2023 Developed and maintained a development environment for anti-malware records, complete with an integrated version control system and support for distributed compilation across multiple platforms. Implemented a command-line tool to facilitate the creation of Visual Studio projects and the generation of C++ DLLs for debugging purposes, which significantly improved the workflow for malware analysts. Created a log analysis tool that helped to identify recurring problems and establish connections between seemingly unrelated issues, which enhanced team troubleshooting capabilities. Collaborated with a team to employ an application metric collection system, integrating it with Grafana for dashboards and alerts, resulting in reduced incident response times from hours to minutes. Accomplished the migration of the anti-malware records from Perforce to Git. Developed a plugin that performs static code analysis of a domain-specific programming language. Migrated a project CI pipeline from TeamCity to Azure DevOps. Komdiagnostika	Orenburg, Russia Software Engineer	Aug. 2018 – Apr. 2021 Developed and maintained a software solution for vibration-based condition monitoring, automated spectrum analysis and predictive maintenance. Implemented a database disk usage prediction system, enhancing monitoring capabilities. Participated in application profiling and optimization and accelerated spectrum harmonic analysis algorithm up to four times. Engineered a portable device for vibration analysis, including designing the UI layout, developing the application architecture, and implementing the software for data collection and analysis. Education Orenburg State University	Orenburg, Russia Master of Science in Mathematics and Computer Science	Sep. 2016 – Jun. 2018 Orenburg State University	Orenburg, Russia Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering	Sep. 2012 – Jun. 2016 Technical Skills Languages: C#, PowerShell, Python, SQL. Familiar with C/C++, Haskell Frameworks: .NET, .NET Framework, WPF. Familiar with ASP.NET Core Developer Tools: Git, TFS, TeamCity, Azure DevOps, Elasticsearch, Grafana Libraries: NUnit, xUnit, Serilog, NLog, Benchmark.NET, Dapper

File 20: Dmitrii DUBCHAK.docx
Dmitrii DUBCHAK DATA ENGiNEER Russia, Amur obl (+7) 900-000-00-00 (telegram, whatsapp)   |	0000000@gmail.com   |    dubchak-0000000  Summary  	 Senior Data Engineer in TOP 1 pharmaceutical company in the region. Current stack: MSSQL, Python, Apache Spark, AWS. 10+ years of experience in developing intensive applications in large companies, 3+ years of experience as a Data Engineer. Interested in developing better methods for solving complex problems, learning new technologies and tools. Knowledge of algorithms and data structures.  Work Experience  	 Amurpharmacy	Russia Senior Data Engineer	april 2017 ‑ До н.в. Implemented ELT in python to store a large volume of business information in AWS(S2, Redshift), which led to a 22 % reduc‑ tion in storage costs Rewrote ELT from python scripts to Apache Spark with execution on Amazon EMR, which led to a 24 % reduction in ELT runtime and a 12 % reduction in costs Designed and implemented a project for collecting, storing and processing data in AWS from temperature sensors in phar‑ macies, as a result of which it was possible to reduce the cost of destroying drugs by 85 % Built the full lifecycle of all corporate business intelligence in the company Worked with the business to collect business requirements, wrote technical documentation, and developed business intel‑ ligence functions to meet those needs Provided technical training, support, troubleshooting and training for business users DWH in MSSQL ETL in Python, Spark BI: Power BI Amurpharmacy	Russia Software Engineer	april 2006 ‑ april 2017 Projects: Bonus system. Managed by a team of 3 developers Bulk storage of medicines at the warehouse. Implemented automated testing of the system, which made it possible to deliver the project 15% faster (1 week ahead of schedule) Labeling of medicinal products. I wrote the main libraries that all developers of this project used Dynamic pricing in pharmacies. Engaged independent consultants to maximize the company’s profit Robot warehouse in the pharmacy. Collaborated with Spanish developers of the system for faster implementation Online pharmacy. Developed dashboards for marketers to better manage marketing promotions Police department	Russia SQL developer	august 2004 ‑ april 2006 Collecting and Analyzing Data Using SQL from Oracle Database  Education  	 Amur State University	Russia Master‘s degree in Applied Mathematics	1999 ‑ 2004 Faculty of Computer Science         VALERA DUBCHAK	RESUME	1

File 21: Dmitriy Korenyako.docx
Dmitriy Korenyako Product Designer with 15+ years of background in UI/UX. Experience in producing efficient user-centered design solutions from defining the problem to delivering a final product. Strong skills in ideation and art direction. Able to function as a project leader as well as an individual contributor. Passionate about customer experience and all aspects of design.  PORTFOLIO Phone: +7 (905) 000-4567  Email: adrfon@mail.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/dfrenyako  Country of residence: Russia, ready to relocate, Visa assistance needed www.portfolio.url	SKILLS UX: prototypes, mockups, analysis, user flows, personas EXPERIENCE Digital Manager — De Fonseca, Moscow MAY 2018 - PRESENT Italian home slippers brand №1 Managed all digital activities of De Fonseca in Russia. Designed the global website with localization in multiple languages. Created a UX that resulted in 53% increase of conversion rate. Built and delivered a digital strategy which led to a 388% increase of online sales Increased brand awareness and achieved 5x increase in branded search traffic   Art Director — Leto, Moscow AUGUST 2016 - APRIL 2018 Russian leading digital agency, part of Ark Scholz & Friends Group Oversaw the art direction and design for a variety of clients including Anheuser-Busch, Bosch, Ferrero, Hyundai, Imperial Tobacco, Mercedes- Benz, PepsiCo, Philip Morris, KFC, Kotányi, Mazda, SCA (Essity), Pizza Hut, Saint-Gobain, Unilever, Valio, X5 Group. Led the UX/UI of the client’s internal app from scratch to delivery that effectively saved POS maintenance costs up to 70% Led the website design for a leading food retailer from analytics and user research to production-ready UI. Built new internal processes for rapid design and prototyping with InVision and Marvel  Tools: Figma, Photoshop, InVision, Marvel, Excel, PowerPoint, Jira  Methodologies: Agile, Design Thinking, Customer Development, Customer Journey Map, Jobs-to-be done  LICENSES & CERTIFICATIONS Google Digital Garage, The Fundamentals of digital marketing JUNE 2021  Google Analytics, Google Analytics Individual Qualification JUNE 2021  Accenture, Digital Skills: User Experience MAY 2020  Designer — KupiVIP, Moscow NOVEMBER 2015 - AUGUST 2016 Largest Russian flash sales website, backed by Accel, Intel and Mangrove Designed the website with 1,5 million MAU being the only UX/UI designer in the company. Accomplished project in a strict deadline timeframe  Designer — SpaceBox, Moscow MAY 2014 - OCTOBER 2015 Design consultancy specialized in e-commerce and large-scale intranet portals  Designed a CRM for the biggest Russian online library. Conceptualized the intranet UI for one of the largest real estate companies Successfully designed websites for six company clients. EDUCATION Russian Academy of Public Administration, Moscow — Diploma NOVEMBER 2005 - AUGUST 2006 Passed final exam with Distinction Television director, Diploma  Moscow State University of Printing Arts, Moscow — Uncompleted SEPTEMBER 1996 - JANUARY 2001 Completed 5173 hours towards a BFA. EXPERIENCE (continued)  Product Manager — Apartama, Moscow SEPTEMBER 2011 - FEBRUARY 2014  Startup, social commerce platform and furnishing marketplace Initiated and completed redesign that led to a 5% (1:20) conversion. Boosted number of user registrations, increased customer purchases by 34% Progressed with the company's growth, beginning as a designer and promoted to product manager. Spearheaded a cross-functional team of 5.  Lead Web Designer — KM, Moscow SEPTEMBER 2010 - AUGUST 2011  The oldest Russian news portal and encyclopedia Led redesign of the main website with 3+ million MAU Created 120+ unique pages ahead of schedule.  Designer — RBC Soft, Moscow AUGUST 2009 - SEPTEMBER 2010  Major Russian software company, part of RBC (RosBusinessConsulting) media group Designed Russian government websites for Ministry of Telecom and Mass Communications, Ministry of Economic Development and Federal Service for Supervision in Education and Science. Developed numerous PowerPoint decks which helped to secure over $5 million in funding and investments.   Designer, DJEM Solutions, Moscow OCTOBER 2007 – MARCH 2009  Art Director, BCD Group, Moscow MAY 2003 – SEPTEMBER 2007   Art Director, New Publishing Projects, Moscow JULY 2002 – MAY 2003   Web Designer, EuroAddress, Moscow OCTOBER 2001 – JUNE 2002   Designer, Gazeta.ru, Moscow SEPTEMBER 1999 – OCTOBER 2001   Web Designer, Triumvirate, Moscow OCTOBER 1998 — MAY 1999   Game Artist, ElectroTECH Multimedia, Moscow SEPTEMBER 1997 — MARCH 1998

File 22: Dmitry Dumnov.docx
    Summary Dmitry Dumnov Senior Software Developer +7 904 034 40 00 | dmiii@dumnov.com | linkedin.com/in/dmiiidumnov |    Creative and passionate Backend Engineer with 8+ years experience in developing, maintaining and supporting regular and high-loaded software using a modern stack of technologies, following Design Patterns, DRY, KISS, SOLID, Clean Code principles and DevOps culture. Articulate communicator and remote worker.  Experience  Cloud Developer	Windisch, Switzerland (Remote) (Full-Time Contract) SAP	Oct. 2018 – Present Developed several microservices using Spring Boot and Java on different business domains Made an API with highest load ratio 15 times faster by SQL optimizations Created a coding productivity workshop for more than 100 developers Participated in rotating on-call duties, including incident management Contributed to the platform which allowed to apply Event-Driven-Design Upgrade the services from Java 8 to Java 11 Leaded the memory tuning of Java-based Apps Improved Integration tests approach, which allowed increase case coverage, prevent problems and considerably reduced test flakiness Software Engineer	Chicago, IL (Remote),(Part-Time Contract) Chicago Deal Vault	Jun 2017 – Feb 2018  Familiarized myself with a new subject - real estate, within a short time Implemented a mortgage calculator Implemented a direct mail distribution subsystem Implemented a generator of analytical reports Lead Java Developer	Moscow, Russia BSC	Apr 2014 – Oct 2018 Took the lead of a small team of developers on a server for Mobile Bank App Server for Top-3 Russian Bank Took the lead of a small team of developers on a server for Stock Analytics Apps Server for Top-10 Russian Broker Switched a huge legacy project from SVN to Git, which allowed to establish a proper code reviews and run more agile release process Developed a customer support chat on bank web application for Top-3 Russian Bank Made several prototypes of Internet Banks within a short time which helped the organization to win contracts Mentored a group of Junior Developers Contacted directly with customers about technical details and issues Made a backend of a dashboard app for Top-5 Russian Broker Junior  Developer	Vladimir, Russia FGI ARRIAH	Jun 2012 – Apr 2014 Significantly improved the functionality of the Federal Service for Veterinary and Phytosanitary Surveillance official website, thus, the information on global trade and episootic situation became more structured and detailed Technical Skills  Languages: Java, Kotlin, GO, SQL, JavaScript, HTML/CSS Frameworks: Spring(Boot, Cloud, Web, Security, DM etc..), Hibernate, JSF, Liferay Version Control: Git, Mercurial CI/CD: Jenkins, Bamboo, GitHub Actions, Mesos, Marathon, Ansible, Docker Special Technologies: Kafka, ElasticSearch, Hystrix, Hazelcast, Redis, Mockito Databases: Oracle, MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB Industry Standards: Microservices, REST API, RPC, SOAP, Event-Driven Architecture, Domain-Driven Design, Test-Driven Development  Education  Vladimir State University	Vladimir, Russia Bachelor of Information Systems	Sep. 2007 – June 2011

File 23: Eduard SCETININ.docx
   PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE    Emergn – software vendor with 500+ employee. Learned the basics of machine learning before first project started. Synchronization service from TFS to Jira. Administrating Jira to provide a special view of all necessary tickets from TFS. Technologies: Python, Jira, TFS, Cron. Key Achievements: Successfully delivered service for management of the company fulfilling all the requirements. Web Application with the information about company employee connections in Azure Cloud. Technologies: Python, Flask, JavaScript, JQuery, JSlint, JSON. Key Achievements: In a short time successfully launched the project to show it for customers. Learned back-end side with Python and front-end with JavaScript and JQuery. Application with the statistics based on employee stats and predictions how it can be improved. Technologies: Electron, JavaScript, JQuery, JSlint, JSON Key Achievements: Moving project from web to app-based approach for Windows and Mac. Quickly and efficiently deliver all the client’s stories.   EDUCATION JUNE 2019 BACHELOR’S DEGREE OF ENGINEERING SCIENCES IN COMPUTER CONTROL AND COMPUTER SCIENCE, RIGA TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY Research on Django Framework for Python Applications Development  ACTIVITIES Languages – English (fluent), Russian (native), Latvian (fluent). Personal traits – initiative-taking, capable of quick learning the technologies and deep analyzing the problems. Interests – Mobile technologies, urban studies, travelling.                   2

File 24: Egor Kormulev.docx
Egor Kormulev Skype: eee.kormulev LinkedIn: eee.kormulev LeetCode: eeeKormulev Github: eee.kormulev EXPERIENCE & PROJECTS Polymatica Russia Server Side Software Developer     Moscow Feb 2019 - Present    Implemented Geospatial search module (C++11, boost,PostgreSQL(Postgis),Redis, ODBC,JSON,Docker). Geospatial search module (C++11,ODBC,JSON,Redis(hiredis)). Geo-coord server (PostgreSQL(Postgis),PL/pgSQl, Docker). Postal address to RESP translation script (python 3). Infrastructure deployment-script. (Modular architecture design. python 3). unit-tests (gtests). Page Scroller (Python/OpenCV). Application testing and maintaining (Integration and Unit tests).  JSC FinTech System Software Developer Moscow April 2017 – Feb 2019    Designed and implemented operation system self-test script (Modular architecture design. Python 3, SELinux, PAM). Designed and implemented SELinux policy provider (Python, SELinux, PAM). Designed and implemented Linux daemon SELinux policy applier (C/SELinux API/POSIX API). Designed and implemented cross-platform BXML parser (Qt). Worked on patching AIDE (C). Worked on patching SPICE (C).   Ltd. Medicom Software Developer Testing and maintaining Linux applications. Developing software applications using C++ (Qt library). EDUCATION Bauman Moscow State Technical University Engineer’s degree (Specialist): “Aerospace, Aeronautical and Astronautical/Space Engineering” Certification: IELTS Academic (C1). ACTIVITIES KUDO SKILLS Moscow  November 2015 – April 2017     Moscow 2009  Moscow 2016  Programming: C/C++ stl 11/14/17, boost, Multithreading Python 3, PostgreSQL(pl/pgsql), Redis(hiredis), SQLite, Docker, Git, SELinux, Cmake, rpm, spec Languages: Russian, English(C1) 

File 25: Eldar SHAKIRBEKOV.docx
Eldar SHAKIRBEKOV ellddshakirbekov@gmail.com | +1 469 748 0000    EDUCATION  Al-Farabi Kazakh National University Bachelor of Science, Computer Science   Expected May 2021 GPA: 3.4/4.0  Relevant coursework: Algorithms and Data Structures, Computer Architecture, Intro to Artificial Intelligence, Introduction to CS, Database Systems, Design and Analysis of Algorithms , Object-Oriented Programming, Programming Languages and Compilers, Principles of Data Science, Discrete Math, Calculus I, Linear Algebra  EXPERIENCE Backend Developer (Freelancer)	Dec 2019 - Present Almaty, Kazakhstan Successfully migrated code from PHP with MySQL to Django for a new web application Worked closely with clients to collect requirements and ensure project high quality Developed and maintained different web application programs   Azmiut Sol., Front End Developer Intern (offered a part-time position after internship) Almaty, Kazakhstan Implemented web design and development principles to build stable software Tested application to identify bugs and technical issues before and after deploying Built stable and maintainable codebases using Angular, VueJS also integrated Telegram API’s Jun 2019 - May 2020  Implemented new features, functionality and capabilities on the eCommerce sites using Javascript, Ajax, CSS, JSON  Al-Farabi Kazakh National University, Software Engineering Intern	Dec 2018 - Feb 2019 Almaty, Kazakhstan Created a database app for construction industry products, and also created landing pages from different layouts Created Web application by using HTML5, JavaScript, and JQuery that provides solution for issues of the company Worked with Microsoft SQL Server technology and how to administer, create, upgrade, maintain, STIG, and customize manually and using SQL Queries Implemented products on the site using a database in PHP MySQL  PROJECTS Braun Tau Successfully developed and published an adaptive website for a construction company Produced websites compatible with different type of devices Made a convenient and intuitive interface  Coffee Boom Participated in the development and played one of the main roles Created one of the interface options of web application that was used for the final release  SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS Programming Languages: Javascript, Java, C, C++, Python, SQL, HTML/CSS, C#, PHP Frameworks/Tools: Bootstrap, Git, React, VueJS, Angular, Django, MongoDB, NodeJS, REST API, Ajax, JQuery Certifications: Coursera | Crash Course on Python, Coursera | Advanced Styling with Responsive Design, Coursera | Interactivity with JavaScript  HONORS & AWARDS Government Scholar: Awarded scholarship from the government for passing the unified national test for one of the highest score in country ACM Olympic team: Participant in different programming competitions domestically

File 26: Elena Araslanova.docx
Software Engineer Elena Araslanova araslanova.elen.a@gmail.com | Visa sponsorship required Technical Skills Languages: C++, Python, SQL, Go Developer Tools: Git, Docker, Linux Domain Knowledge: machine learning, deep learning, computer vision Libraries: C++ - stl, gtest, Qt, ffmpeg; Python - the majority of ML libraries, OpenCV, pytest Experience Software Engineer (Machine Learning), C++ + ML + Python	06/19 - 12/20 Video Analysis Technologies Developed completely new modules for C++ face analysis library, integrated 10+ deep learning pipelines into the library, including Python/C/C# bindings to deliver DL models to customers; Patched 3 opensource libraries, added CI with TDD, increased researchers’ work processes x2 times; Built 4 cross platform demo applications for customers with parallel data processing; Wrote backend for data collection services, collected a database of 500 000 domain-specific images in 6 months; developed pipelines for video preprocessing and generation of synthetic frames to increase quality of data; Conduct code review for interns; Completed a computer vision research task; built and made 2 production updates of 2D Face anti-spoofing classifier (increased ROC AUC from 0.92 to 0.97), tried 5 NN approaches. Python Developer, 10 h/week, Python + ML	01/19 - 12/19 Skoltech university laboratory, Neural Architecture Search project for Huawei Reproduced 6 of the latest articles and compared performance. Prepared summaries for 4 meetings with Huawei ; The work became a basis of my MSc thesis. Data Analyst, Python + SQL	04/17 - 03/18 Home Credit and Finance Bank Improved the customer journey: created and tested hypotheses, visualized results and pitched conclusions for product managers and marketing director: retention was improved by 10%, 1 successful card product was launched; Reduced time of report building from hours to minutes.  Education Yandex School of Data Analysis	MSc-level, Computer Science The most selective master program in Russia (3% enrollment rate, 40% dropout rate)		2018 - ’21 Higher School of Economics & Skoltech		MSc, Data Science Worked in a university laboratory for 1 year	2018 - ’20 Higher School of Economics	BSc, Applied Mathematics QS World University Rankings: top 100 in Mathematics, top 200 in Computer Science	2014 - ’18

File 27: ELIZAVETA FEDOSEEVA.docx
ELIZAVETA FEDOSEEVA Berlin, Germany Contacts: fedoaava.eltr@gmail.com | LinkedIn | Telegram SUMMARY	 Creative and goal-oriented Frontend Developer with knowledge of building and maintaining web applications.   Proficient in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React; plus modern libraries and frameworks. Adept at identifying  opportunities  to  enhance front-end design and improve the user experience. EXPERIENCE	 Frontend  Developer	Jul 2020 - Nov 2021 Hexlet.io	Online course Learned and implemented knowledge of JavaScript, React, Redux, HTML/CSS in pet-projects. Performed coding, testing, CI/CD pipeline and maintenance of pet projects. Collaborated and worked with mentors and students on assigned tasks and study projects. Solved around 80 tasks on Hexlet.io and performed new features and methods in them.  PROJECTS	 Google  Books  Search  app	Sep 2023 - Sep 2023 Deploy: Books Search page GitHub page: GitHub page project Developed Google Books Search application using React, JavaScript, Redux (RTK-query), React-router-dom. Created multiple functionalities such as filtering by categories, sorting, displaying detailed book page and pagination. Database interaction such as getting books from Google API handled by Redux (RTK-query). Social Media app	Nov 2021 - Jan 2022 Deploy: Social Media page (Email: free@samuraijs.com Password: free) GitHub page: GitHub page project Developed a frontend social network web application using React, Redux Toolkit, JavaScript, and Material UI as a user interface. Created multiple functionalities such as liking posts, adding/deleting posts to a user’s wall, following/unfollowing friends, changing a profile photo, editing settings, and login/logout system. Database interaction such as posts, users and comments handled by Redux Toolkit. Slack-simulator  app	Oct 2021 - Nov 2021 Deploy: Slack page GitHub page: GitHub page project Developed slack-like messenger web application using React, JavaScript, Redux Toolkit, and Formik as forms and inputs in the application and React-Bootstrap as a user interface. Created multiple functionalities such as adding/deleting a chat group, writing messages, and login/logout system. Database interaction such as messages and groups handled by Redux Toolkit. EDUCATION	 Frontend  Developer, Hexlet.io	Jul 2020 - Nov 2021  Specialist in Economics, Faculty of Finance and Credit, Moscow Power Engineering Institute (MPEI)	Sep 2009 - May 2014 SKILLS	 Programming languages: JavaScript (ES6+), TypeScript, HTML/CSS Frameworks: React, NextJS, Redux Toolkit (RTK-query), Jest, Material-UI, Styled Components, Bootstrap Developer Tools: Git, VS Code, Postman, FSD architecture, REST Api, Axios

File 28: Fedor Elianov.docx
Fedor Elianov  Canada username@gmail.com | +1 234 567 8900 | https://www.linkedin.com/in/username/    Summary  Certified Microsoft, VMware, and CompTIA professional with 13 years of practicing in IT. Experience working with AWS, Terraform, CI/CD, Git,  and  PowerShell.  Strong  skills  in  Server  and Storage Technologies, Virtualization, Backup Systems, and the Windows Server OS. Familiar with Active Directory and UNIX-like operating systems. Deep understanding of Service Management procedures.  Relevant Experience  Huge Canadian Financial | Sr. Platform Specialist Sep 2020 - Present | Canada Automated Business Files archiving procedure to reduce costs of storing data in cloud Took part in the project of migration SAP Data Services platform from on-prem infrastructure to Google Cloud Platform Stack: PowerShell, Bitbucket Pipelines, SAP DS  Canada Government org | Infrastructure Analyst Feb 2020 - Aug 2020 | Canada Designed automated job scheduler solution Implemented automated deployment of the infrastructure on ESXi hypervisors. The infrastructure includes vCenter server, virtual machines, virtual networking, Active Directory, Web, Business Logic, and MS SQL servers. Stack: AWS Cloud Services, Terraform, Git, vSphere, PowerShell  Ukrainian Galera | System Engineer Dec 2014 - Mar 2019 | Ukraine Implemented a cross-site replication solution to meet business continuity plan requirements. Designed and deployed a brand-new storage solution in the primary data center, including all-flash storage systems and the storage area network, to avoid performance degradation caused by rapid headcount growth. Led the relocation of data center equipment from one site to another and between different cities without business interruption. Stack: vSphere, Active Directory, DNS, Group Policy, DHCP, MS TFS, EMC RecoverPoint, Veeam backup & replication, MS SQL, PowerShell  for the Developer Team to replace the	 	  existing outdated one. It significantly reduced IT-staff involvement in developers’ routine by providing them with a framework that they can use on their own. Initiated implementation of CD pipeline to bring some DevOps best practices into the Education  Master of Science | Computer system and Networks Ukrainian Polytech Aug 2001 - Jul 2008 | Ukraine  workflow between development and IT	 	  departments. Stack:	PowerShell,	GitLab	CI,	vSphere,	Active Directory  Ukrainian Galera | Senior System Engineer Apr 2019 - Aug 2019 | Ukraine Built a Terraform AWS infrastructure for QA Team. The solution allowed excluding any involvement of Ops in repeated tasks. Certifications  MCITP Server administrator VCP on vSphere 4 MCTS	Windows	Server	2008	Active Directory, Configuration MCTS	Windows	Server	2008	Network Infrastructure, Configuration

File 29: Firyan Artem.docx
     Summary Firyan Artem Senior Unity Developer somfirl@gmail.com | linkedin.com | +375 29 000 99 99   Motivated Unity Developer with 5+ years of experience, multiple shipped projects for Android and iOS, extensive knowledge of C#, familiarity with CI/CD (Jenkins), SOLID and DRY code practices, and expertise in implementing cross-platform and platform-specific features. An efficient communicator and team player. Enjoy coaching and being coached, breaking complex tasks into solvable ones, and applying math and algorithms for problem tackling. Work experience Lead Unity Developer	Minsk, Belarus CompanyName	Dec 2017 - Present As a team lead of 4 developers, developed games with 50M+ installs (GameName1, GameName2). Improved and structured company-wide code-sharing practices (firstly, via Git submodules; after, via packages in Unity Package Manager) along with using separated assemblies and explicit structure for reducing code coupling and decreasing recompile time by 20%. Integrated into the company’s projects multiple 3-rd party services, including native frameworks for Android and iOS (Firebase, MoPub, AppsFlyer, IronSource, Spine animations, Facebook, Tapjoy, etc.). Also implemented multiple wrappers for them, which decreased the average integration time into the project from 2 weeks to 1-2 days. Created and maintained build automation pipelines both on the Unity side and on the CI/CD side (Jenkins; multiple options for build customization, testing, and deployment). Optimized application performance: app startup time (up to 2.5 times faster), memory management and performance improvement (allowed to support older devices), Android ANR (led to more frequent GooglePlay featuring). Have been interviewing applicants for Unity developer positions for 3 years and increased the engineering team by 30+ employees. Supervised and mentored a total of 10+ developers in the company. Standardized and wrote the company’s code style guide. Switched projects from SVN to Git, which allowed to establish proper code reviews via pull requests.  Unity Developer	Minsk, Belarus CompanyName	Mar 2016 - Dec 2017 As a newly assigned lead developer, shipped a project with previous long-term development (GameName3). Implemented peer-to-peer multiplayer via Apple Game Center, which increased DAU by about 80%. Contributed to adapting the existing iOS development pipeline for the Android platform.  Software Developer	Minsk, Belarus CompanyName	Aug 2015 - Mar 2016 Supported and implemented new functionality for the company’s live iOS project (GameName4).  Technical Skills  Education  C# | Unity | Jenkins | Java | Objective-C | Git | Xcode | Android Studio | Bash | Python   Master’s Degree in Computer Science	Minsk, Belarus Belarusian State University	Sep 2009 - Jun 2015

File 30: Idar Kashaev.docx
 Idar Kashaev Software Developer (.NET/C#) Experience: 8 years  tel. +7-929-582-11-14  TECHNICAL EXPERTISE Programming Languages	C#, SQL, VBA, Python, JavaScript, HTML, CSS  Operating Systems	Windows, Linux Databases	PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server, Couchbase, Cosmos DB, ArangoDB Technologies	.NET, .NET Core, ASP.NET ( MVC / Web API), Microsoft Orleans, Dapper, Entity Framework, SQLite, Django, React, Angular Other	GIt, CI/CD, DI, Agile/Scrum, Docker, Azure, AWS  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  Project: MyQ - Smart Home and Smart Garage (January 2019 – now) https://www.myq.com/  Team Lead Creating an application for remotely locks management.  Tools and environment: Azure, MS SQL, microservices, Web API, IoT Languages and Technologies: C# / .NET Framework, RabbitMQ, MQTT,  Responsibilities: Manage developers’ team and control stick to the terms; Improve application’s functionality, find and fixing bugs in code; Refactoring code;  Tools and environment: Octopus, Azure DevOps, Postman, RabbitMQ Languages and Technologies: C# / .NET Core, Microservices, ASP.NET Core Web API, Microsoft SQL   Project: KREO Plan (January 2017 – January 2019) https://www.kreo.net/  Senior Software Engineer  This is an international project for European and American market. Single, cloud-based integrated platform for construction of cost estimation, scheduling and bidding. The aim is to take off quantities, estimate costs, produce Gantt chart and 4D model, run scenarios, optimize cost and duration and  price bids in record time.  Responsibilities: Creating architecture of application in accordance with the requirements; Creating and estimating tasks for remotely working employees; Managing software development team; Checking the work results of a team;  Tools and environment: Linux, AWS, Docker, Postgres, Git Languages and Technologies: C# / .NET Core, Microsoft Orleans Framework, ASP.NET Core Web API, React, HTML, CSS (SASS)   Project: Internal projects (August 2013 – January 2017) https://aeroclub.ru/  .NET Developer (Full-stack)  Employee management system. Application allows sign up employee, visualize company structure, show map of the office.  Responsibilities: Built ASP.NET MVC/SQL-based websites for corporate needs; Developed various business objects and user interfaces; Performed refactoring of legacy code; Performed automation of functionality and unit-testing; Maintained software documentation; Provided support of current document management system;  Tools and environment: Microsoft SQL Server, IIS, TFS, JIRA Languages and Technologies: .NET/C#, t-SQL, JavaScript, AngularJS, Bootstrap, Material Design.   Project: Online surveys (January 2012 – August 2013) https://www.gfk.com/  Software developer Design and develop online surveys for the market research. Responsibilities: Performed programming questionnaires in systems for CATI / CAPI / CAWI surveys; Provided technical support and consultation on the survey program;  Tools and environment: JIRA, Visual Studio Languages and Technologies: VBA, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SPSS, Perl  EDUCATION Bachelor’s degree Faculty of Information Technologies Russian State Social University

File 31: ILDAR AIBEKOV.docx
Ildar Aibekov sheradilaaa@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/sheradilaaaa | +1 (778)000-4060  TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages: JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML5, CSS3, Java Frameworks: React, Node.js, Express.js, Android Development Other: Git VCS, RDB, PostgreSQL, SQLite, MongoDB, REST API, OOP, Scrum, Figma, Firebase TECHNICAL PROJECTS Face Finder				 			                                                                Nov – Dec 2020 Developed a web application, using HTML, CSS, React.js and Node.js to detect human faces using AI based API  Built a database using PostgreSQL and bcrypt Node.js library to securely store the users’ information  Connected the database using Knex.js to build a flexible and clean implementation of the queries Developed a REST API using Express.js and tested all server requests via Postman to ensure the responsiveness of the application PAC Sports | Mobile Application Development II | CSIS 4175, Douglas College.                                 Jan - Apr 2020 Developed an Android mobile application in a team of four students to track sport statistics and to create sport event posts that would encourage people to be more active   Created a screen that introduces the user to the app and gives the usage guide by walking the user through available features Securely stored users’ data and implemented Real Time Database using Firebase  Developed a miniature application view called widget that depicts the statistics of the favorite team   Smarter						                                                                            Jan - Apr 2020 Developed a web-based platform that helps to manage users’ workflow efficiently  Implemented attractive design using Tachyons CSS toolkit to make style of the app flexible, scalable and fast Developed a Kanban board, using w3schools’ Drag and Drop API, that helps to visualize the users’ workflow and tasks Created Math Sprint game to entertain users during long work sessions WORK EXPERIENCE Server | Old Spaghetti Factory 						                                Sept 2018 - Present Was recognized as an Employee of the Month twice Accurately recorded orders and worked with kitchen staff to serve drinks and food that exceeds expectations Handled customer complaints to maintain customer satisfaction Successfully solved customer conflicts and problems when mistakes were made with orders and payments Junior Server | Old Spaghetti Factory				                                                          Nov 2017- Sep 2018 Worked together with other junior servers to maintain cleaning of the restaurant  Was responsible for working with waitstaff to ensure all guest needs are met EDUCATION Computing Studies and Information System (Diploma)  Douglas College | New Westminster 		     		                                        Jan 2017 – Dec 2020

File 32: Ildar Noskov.docx
Ildar Noskov	Berlin, Germany Python, AWS, SQL	ilgh.noskov@hey.com  PROFILE  I deliver state of the art Data Infrastructure and Data Engineering solutions for unicorn tech companies. My passion is building distributed-compute and data-intensive applications, with special attention to data design and automation. I strive to lead by example and regularly mentor junior engineers. I also have a strong background in full-stack development in the cloud.  EXPERIENCE  Data Engineer at SumUp, September 2018 - Current Building data processes for the “Fastest Growing Company in Europe 2018” (by inc.com) Designed and delivered Snowflake and AWS Redshift data replication and access management processes. Developed ETL pipelines for the largest data-marts in the company with Airflow, SQL and Python. Successfully completed migration to the new data warehousing solution achieving 100% data accuracy. Fully implemented CI/CD for Snowflake-based ETL/ELT development with Jenkins and Docker. Regularly led SQL training sessions, teaching dozens of colleagues to make their queries run 10x faster. Introduced unit and integration tests as a regular development practice within the team.  Freelance Software Engineer in FinTech, 2018 Consulted one of the largest private brokerages in Europe ($1B daily volume) building data infrastructure. Designed and delivered ETL pipelines processing 350 million monthly stock trades. Relevant technologies: Python, AWS, JavaScript, and PostgreSQL. Fully automated position reconciliation, dividends and stock loan fee calculation processes. Briefly led and onboarded a team of 3 software engineers.  Full Stack Software Engineering Intern at SumUp, Summer of 2017 and 2018 Contributed to the development of highly-reliable payment infrastructure for 30+ countries. Relevant technologies: JavaScript, Ruby, NodeJS, React, Typescript, and PostgreSQL. Completed an API rate limiting solution, from the design stage to testing and delivery. Built a POC full-stack application for an internal employee network to facilitate communication. Participated in multiple hackathons and attended professional conferences.  Backend Developer Intern at Centroida, Fall 2016 Interned at the “Best Student Startup in Bulgaria of 2016” (by Junior Achievement) Developed backend systems using NodeJS, implementing integration with social media APIs. Completed a project with Serverless framework utilising AWS Lambda functions. Integrated Elasticsearch + Kibana with a custom e-commerce solution, facilitating complex search queries. Gained an understanding of work in a fast-growing and dynamic startup with Agile and Scrum.  EDUCATION  American University in Bulgaria, class of 2019 Double Major in Computer Science and Mathematics.

File 33: Innokentiy ZORYCH.docx
Innokentiy ZORYCH Email: zoraaamaxim@gmail.com	LinkedIn:@45ks-zorych Phone: +380005810593  EDUCATION M.S. Degree in Computer Integrated Systems National Technical University of Agriculture Department of Automation of Computer Systems(Graduation: Jan 2020)  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Lead Software Engineer -- SoftServe Inc. -- Sep 2020 to Present I managed a team of 15+ engineers, analyzed the requirements and dependencies between the teams' tasks. Worked on improving the architecture of the e-commerce solution to improve its reusability based on low-code strategy. Participated in software quality analysis. Senior Software Engineer -- SoftServe Inc. -- Jan 2018 to Sep 2020 Worked on the design of systems and components. Developed applications for different domains. Conducted software migrations. Software Engineer -- Andersen Lab -- Feb 2017 to Jan 2018 I reduced the processing time of the call center operator by 13% by simplifying the process of identifying the user's problem. Conducted training sessions for colleagues. Software Engineer -- Code IT -- Nov 2016 to Jan 2017 I have optimized graphics rendering speed by 80% by rewriting graphic containers to vector graphics. Junior / Intern Software Engineer -- GetBetter -- Oct 2015 to Nov 2016 Accelerated the processing time of patient's labs and vitals by 18% by systematizing patient data and their analyzes.  PROJECTS Health Care System I managed the migration from an outdated legacy system to a new platform, thereby speeding up the rendering of the application by 11% and reducing the number of existing bugs by 54%. Analysis risks of Supply chain distribution Together with the team, I developed a risk analysis system for interaction with suppliers of parts, thereby providing the customer with the necessary set of risk data to select the most suitable suppliers for the equipment purchase. Communication System Developing a solution to optimize and process incoming calls for call center employees. Game app My goal was looking for solutions to optimize games for the client, by applying different rendering strategies, modernizing visual containers, etc. Health Care System I have worked on designing patient data analysis to improve physician processing times.  TECHNICAL SKILLS Current Stack: Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML & CSS, frameworks as Angular, React, Vue, NodeJS. Databases: MySQL, NoSQL, Postgres, DynamoDB, MongoDB. Clouds: AWS with products. Skills: Software Engineering, Web Development, Backend Development, Leading, Mentoring.  CERTIFICATIONS Microsoft Certified Professional

File 34: Ivan Iarish.docx
 Ivan Iarish Front End Developer konstantin.yarish@gmail.com • +79530962111   Tech-savvy professional with progressive experience decomposing and distributing complex tasks to team members. Skilled in striking a balance between functional and aesthetic design. Excel at building reusable code for future use, as well as optimizing web pages for maximum speed and scalability. Talent for utilizing a variety of markup languages to write web pages, while maintaining brand consistency throughout design. Articulate communicator with a credible history of cultivating and maintaining positive collaborations with clients, key stakeholders, and senior management to realize organizational goals.   Technical Proficiencies JavaScript | CSS | React.js | HTML | Git | Redux.js | SASS | Webpack | Node.js   Career Experience  OptiSystems, Krasnodar, Russia	2018 – Present Front End Developer Deliver top-notch services as lead front-end developer to meet defined objectives. Leverage proven expertise for development of web interfaces with ReactJS, Redux. Develop application architecture to optimize performance. Facilitate workflows by refactoring legacy code as well as estimating the labor costs. Implemented best practices for testing, performance improvement, and documentation. Provided advice to various developers to ensure process and performance improvement. Clinical Oncology Center No. 1, Krasnodar, Russia	2017 – 2018 Python Developer Collaborated with team for developing a medical information system. Oversaw integration of development module with the Electronic Medical Record. Proactively improved a module for uploading data to a third-party service that resulted in thousands of new medical cases to be uploaded per day. Regional Association of Builders of Kuban, Krasnodar, Russia	2013 – 2017 System Administrator Ensured the unloading of public information on hundreds of construction partner organizations on official website of the company. Organized an infrastructure for uniting organizational offices in four major cities. Krasnodar Information Technology College, Krasnodar, Russia	2012 – 2013 Engineer, Teacher Taught detailed lesson to students regarding the basics of programming and system administration to improve students’ understanding.   Education Higher Education Russian State Social University, Moscow, Russia

File 35: IVAN IVANOV.docx
IVAN IVANOV   Lead Software Engineer with an emphasis in Frontend with 8 years of commercial software development & leadership experience including high-loaded real-time streaming applications and advanced data-visualisation. Focused on architecting, developing, maintaining and leading sophisticated web-based solutions.  Experience   	  Technical leadership & management of one of the company streams (30 people). Performance stream is an area dedicated to the monitoring, alerting and assumptions about fuel and cost savings for the commercial maritime industry. As a Technical Project Manager (Sep 2020 – Present): Work closely to the Head of Products to align the technical solutions to product vision, product strategy and key objectives in long-term roadmaps. Delivered 4 products for the last year which are used in more than 200 customer vessels. As a Technical Lead (Oct 2018 – Sep 2020): Developed a highly-loaded stream application for live vessel performance monitoring and alerting Developed the live data-visualisation customer-facing dashboard using React and Highcharts Improved platform architecture and increased scalability: migrated monolith backend to a microservices, set up client-server relations using gRPC and GraphQL with Golang, improved CI/CD process Frontend Chapter Lead (Oct 2018 – Sep 2020): Set up a microfrontends framework and the frontend monorepo. Improved code reusability. Introduced Typescript, Storybook, Styled Components and variety of FE tooling. Led the frontend chapter to ensure the technical alignment between 20+ Frontend developers. Set up a mentorship program for frontend developers and defined a learning curve. Led the hiring process. Improved CI/CD process for the FE monorepo – made it 6 times faster (30m to 5m), created the admin dashboard which improved deployment process and permissions management process With the team of 4 Frontend Engineers team architectured and delivered the dashboard for live data visualisation and monitoring for the Smart Home IoT devices. Adopted React, Typescript, Redux and Apollo along with GraphQL, set up CI/CD with GitlabCI. Delivered MVP’s and POC’s for the company stand on Mobile World Congress 2017 in Barcelona integrated with real IoT devices. Developed REST API and GraphQL services using Node.js. Participated in educational & mentorship programs. Participated in the hiring process.  Was working as a front-end developer for ab.ua - one of the biggest Ukrainian car selling marketplaces. Rearchitectured monolith FE application to a variety of Single Page Applications, changed the company front-end technologies pool, encouraged moving away from Python Django Templates, CoffeeScript and Backbone.js to ES6 and React + Redux which has improved maintainability and responsiveness of the customer-facing app. Was working as a front-end developer for a local web studio which was designing and selling commercial landing pages and other web sites using either CMS’s like Joomla, WordPress and Django Templates Delivered about 20 projects to production. Improved company front-end toolset and daily engineering processes. Was working as a freelance front-end developer with a small group of enthusiasts. Have delivered dozens of websites for a variety of local commercial brands and music bands using CMS’s like Joomla and WordPress.  Education   	  Extracurricular Activities   	  CactusHack Kyiv 2017 - 2nd place/AngelHack Lviv 2016 - Finalist: Developed prototype of GitHub-like system for musicians to collaborate on projects, with features like preservation of the history of changes, visualization of notes sheet and online editor

File 36: Ivan Kalashnikov.docx
 Experience    DevOps Engineer | Paga Group July 2020 – Present Making CI/CD pipelines for Python with PostgreSQL, Java and C# applications using Gitlab-CI to Dev, Stage and Prod environments included automated security testing (DAST, SAST). Writing Dockerfiles (including multistage Dockerfiles). Using Docker images, containers and Docker Swarm in dev and prod environments. Making Dev environment on VMWare ESXI server in the office. Building Prod environment in AWS EKS with AWS RDS. Deployment microservices to Kubernetes cluster in dev and prod environments. Using Python for making notifications to Telegram group after finish pipelines.  SysOps/DevOps Engineer | Autonova-D March 2019 – July 2020 Making CI/CD, using Jenkins, Docker, AWS (RDS, EC2, Autoscaling, Load balancers, Spot instances) in prod environment for deploying company’s website (PHP, NodeJS). Set up Windows Server 2016/2019 for deploying Active Directory, DNS, Print Server, GPO. Set up SCCM, SCUP, deploying programs through SCCM, installing updates on client PCs. Administration Post server Exchange, Edge. Configuring MicroTik, DrayTek routers, VPN, DNS, DHCP, Routing, Firewall, NAT, ARP. Troubleshooting. Using Zabbix monitoring with Telegram notifications group.  System administrator | MIA June 2013 - Jan 2019 (5 years 8 months) Installing and administering Active Directory, GPO, DNS, DHCP, VPN. Writing SQL requests. Writing Bash scripts. Installing and administering web servers (Apache, Nginx). Complete set and assembly of server devices. Support VoIP "Avaya". Network device administration.   Skills      Education      Languages   English – B1 Russian, Ukrainian – native   Additional information   Hard-working, friendly and responsible person, team player, quick learner.

File 37: Ivan Kudaibergenov.docx
Ivan Kudaibergenov +77019400060   iaaas.kudaibergenov@nu.edu.kz    linkedin.com/in/iaaas-kudaibergenov/    github.com/Aaaahka0 Education  Nazarbayev University	Astana, Kazakhstan Bachelor of Science in Computer Science	August 2021 – June 2025 (Expected) Selected Coursework: Algorithms, Software Engineering, Programming Languages, Artificial Intelligence, Database Systems, Performance and Data Structures. Experience  Yandex  | Market	Moscow, Russia iOS Developer	February 2023 - September 2023 Team responsible for building back-end driven UI infrastructure for other Yandex teams. Integrated signals, which provided client’s app customizable actions coming  from  back-end. Assembled a cross-platform solution for a recommendation feature in Kotlin, which resulted in a 4% increase in new user acquisition. Designed a PullToRefresh model for clients to fully customize the refresh behavior within client’s app. Enhanced bug detection by 12% through velocity monitoring feature, which measures speed of networking. Increased test code coverage by 40% by writing more than 60 tests within the SDK, including UI, Unit and Snapshot tests. Minimized overall testing time by 15% by integrating a script into SDK release CI pipeline, which checks if all test-scenarios are properly documented and generates a result document for the testing team. Reduced friction of SDK usage for other teams by 8% through filing the library’s functionality, refining and enriching existing records in the documentation. Yandex | Realty	Moscow, Russia iOS Developer	August 2022 - October 2022 Online marketplace for real estate Redesigned the user contacts page using SwiftUI to create user-friendly interface with seamless redirection capabilities from the main page. Implemented a deep link that opens up an application with an apartment page, resulting in 9% increase in visits to the designated page. Built a custom notification with actions for the previous tenant by using protocol buffer models, enabling user to manage former residence. Wrapped application with Snapshot and UI tests, leading to a 10% improvement in bug awareness. Implemented an entity for logging user activity, enabling analytics-driven feature enhancements, which resulted in 7% better conversion. Yandex | Auto.ru	Moscow, Russia iOS Developer	June 2022 - August 2022 Social network and trading post for drivers Refined overall volume of sales by 3% by adding a histogram of prices for the selected car models. Built a screen for a new feature and connected different states according to design, utilizing SwiftUI and UIKit. Added information section for an active offer feature E2E, secured 100% rollout and monitored the release. Increased garage users conversion by 5% by adding a date-picking functionality for car details. Improved upcoming feature  design by collaborating with the team  designer to address potential technical issues, resulting in a 10% acceleration in the rollout of the feature. Optimized form validation by creating a custom hook that allows manipulating user input on component level. Freelance  | Hey!	Astana, Kazakhstan iOS Developer	January 2022 - May 2022 Party Quiz App Created user-friendly screens for displaying quiz questions, answer choices, and feedback on answers using SwiftUI and UIKit according to HIG. Developed a correlation between sounds and the number of correct and incorrect answers using AVFoundation. Saved user progress, such as completed quizzes and scores using CoreData. Programming Skills  Languages: Swift, Python, Kotlin, Java, C/C++, Javascript, HTML, CSS Technologies: UIKit, SwiftUI, Firebase, Xcode, CocoaPods, Swift Package Manager, Realm, Flask, Bash Other: Git, Teamcity, CoreData/SQLite, NSUserDefaults, XCTest

File 38: Ivan Litmanovich.docx
Ivan Litmanovich Software Developer +995500048485 | daaary.litmanovich@pm.me | linkedin.com/in/daaamanovich | github.com/dmaaaylitmanovich Summary  Senior Ruby Developer with 5.5+ years of web application development experience. Experienced in Ruby, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, and front-end frameworks (React, Angular). Also skilled in Python and PostgreSQL. Known for effective multitasking, adaptability, and attention to detail. Demonstrates a proactive approach to staying updated with industry trends and best practices. Education Technical University	Minsk, Belarus Engineering Design and Production of Materials Experience Full-Stack  developer	January 2023 – present Freelance Developed a personal stylist website, using React on front-end and FastAPI on back-end, created custom UI. Implemented secure user authentication and authorization systems. Established an e-commerce platform for product sales, integrated payment processing. Ensured website optimization and data security while providing ongoing support and updates. Full-stack  developer	August 2022 – January 2023 JetRockets	Remote, Georgia Developed and implemented features on both front-end and back-end (React, RoR, PostgreSQL. Integrated third-party libraries and API services to enhance functionality. Collaborated effectively with clients through weekly calls to align project objectives. Provided ongoing support, optimized performance, and conducted code refactoring to maintain code excellence. Ensured comprehensive test coverage for robust code quality. Full-stack  developer	June 2018 – August 2022 TireAgent	Remote, Belarus Developed features on both front-end and back-end to enhance the platform’s functionality (React, RoR, PostgreSQL). Integrated side libraries and APIs to improve the user experience. Ensured thorough test coverage for code reliability and robustness. Provided invaluable support, optimization, and refactoring for legacy codebase. Actively participated in task evaluation for effective project planning. Mentored team members, fostering professional growth and collaboration. Full-stack  developer	June 2018 – December 2018 Pest Forecast	Minsk, Belarus Developed features for front-end and back-end (React, DRF, MongoDB). Developed new functionalities for Android and iOS applications (React Native). Integrated external libraries and APIs, elevating application capabilities. Ensured code integrity through meticulous unit test coverage. Full-stack developer	October 2017 - June 2018 Pendex	Minsk, Belarus Led end-to-end development of a cross-platform health monitoring app (PHP, Angular, MySQL). Achieved data security, user engagement, and scalability. Technical Skills Languages: Ruby, Python, JavaScript, SQL, HTML/CSS Frameworks: Ruby on Rails, Grape, Padrino, React, React Native, Node.js, Express.js, Django, FastAPI Developer Tools: Git, VS Code, PyCharm, Android Studio, IntelliJ DevOps Tools: Docker, Terraform, Ansible, Kubernetes, Kafka

File 39: Ivan Melnichnikov.docx
Ivan Melnichnikov Software Engineer Enthusiastic software engineer eager to contribute to team success through hard work and attention to details. Track record of success with several big Russian companies. Solid history of spearheading back-end development of large-scale and complex projects from conception to completion. A team player with leadership and mentorship experience, as well as close collaboration with businesses to meet the needs of end users.  Languages: Java, Kotlin, Groovy, Scala RDBMS: PostgreSQL, Oracle NoSQL: MongoDB, Cassandra, Clickhouse, Elasticsearch, Infinispan Techs: Spring (Core, Cloud, Boot), ORMS (Hibernate, MyBatis), Java specs ( JMS, JAX-RS, JAX-WS), JUnit, Spock, Testcontainers, GraphQL, Vert.X, Kafka, RabbitMQ, Docker (Swarm, Compose), Proxmox VE, SOA/REST/Web Services, WebSockets              

File 40: Ivan Sandalov.docx
Ivan Sandalov Senior QA Engineer      sand_i@hey.com	     +491755290000	      Munich, Germany	      Summary 12+ years of extensive experience as a Senior QA Engineer. I am a strong advocate and an evangelist for software quality. I enjoy complex tasks requiring research and self-development. My goal is to find a challenging QA position and grow as a professional, especially in test automation.  Professional Skills Manual\Automation   Testing		Exploratory Testing		Python Java	Analysis and Research	Problem Solving     JetBrains Senior QA Engineer 08/2014 - present       JetBrains Security Analyst 01/2019 - 12/2019 JetBrains QA Team Lead 02/2018 - 06/2019 Genesys/Alcatel-Lucent DevOps    Engineer 09/2013 - 08/2014  Genesys/Alcatel-Lucent Senior QA Engineer 09/2011 - 10/2013 Exigen Services Senior QA Engineer 12/2010 - 09/2011 Work experience Performing functional testing of various IntelliJ platform subsystems, including Application Servers, JavaEE, JSP, GWT, Docker, Internal Documentation. Automation testing of the IntelliJ IDEA, using Kotlin, and an internal tool based on the Robot Framework. This led to a reduction of the smoke test time at least by 50%. As a dedicated Core team QA helping several lead developers to deliver updates and fixes to the mission-critical functionality, like licensing, indexing, VFS, IDE updates. Performing code reviews. Member of an IntelliJ Release Working group. My responsibility is cross- product coordination and task distribution. Handled security incidents and performed penetration testing of the company products. Discovered several security issues including publicly disclosed CVE-2020- 7913. Started 20% internal feature usage statistics project from the ground up, including functional testing of data collectors on the IDE side, ETL jobs on the backend (AWS), and frontend web UI testing with Python and Selenium. Led QA part of the project from 2 members (1 QA) to 20 members (3 QA) Automated deployment of the Genesys Call Center solutions using Chef, Ruby, and Python to the AWS (EC2, RDS, R53) As a team, we reduced solution configuration time from 2 months per customer to 1 day per customer using lego block architecture for our automation. I performed system, regression, and user acceptance testing of the reporting applications. Integration testing of the ETL services using complex SQL queries.  Performed functional testing of the Deutsche Bank London middle office corporate actions processing system capable of handling the bank's global settlement requirements for securities, dividends calculation, and position management. Participated in on-call shifts to provide support for the bank analytics team outside of business hours    BCC Senior QA Engineer 03/2010 - 12/2010 Oberon Media QA Engineer 09/2008 - 12/2009 Work experience Performed testing of the IPTV solution for the biggest Telecom operator in Russia. Cross-platform testing of various supported devices, including   set-top-boxes, TV apps, and mobile apps (IOS, Android). Manual testing of web sites developed using ASP.NET      Moscow University of Industry and Finance 2014 - 2017 Education Bachelor of Computer Science    Certificates  2013	ISTQB Foundation

File 41: Ivan Sosnov.docx
Ivan Sosnov ivansosnov2001@gmail.com +48 57 000 54 32 Linkedin GitHub   Front-end Developer  I like to create beautiful and user­friendly interfaces and learn something new. I’m open to learn new technologies about the stack, but prefer to develop with modern technologies such as Vue.js, React.js, etc. I'm able to complete duties on time while maintaining a high­quality service. Good team player with excellent communication skills.  Technical Skills  Front-end: JavaScript(ES6, TypeScript), Vue.js(Nuxt, Vuex, Vuetify), HTML5, CSS(Sass/Less, Tailwind, Bootstrap), Chart.js, Storybook, REST API, Git, Gulp, Webpack; CMS: WordPress, Wix; Other: C++(basics), SQL Server, MongoDB, Firebase, Linux, VS Code, Figma, Zeplin, SCRUM (Jira, Bitbucket, Bamboo, GilLab).  Professional Experience  Group BWT, Moscow Front-end Developer (11/2020 — present) Technologies: Vue.js(Vuex/Vuetify), TypeScript, Chart.js, Jest, Storybook, CSS, HTML5. Key Achievements: implemented storybook for all components.  YouTeam, Moscow Front-end and Wordpress Developer (06/2019 — 11/2020) Technologies: Vue.js(Vuex/Vuetify), TypeScript, CSS, HTML5, WordPress. Key Achievements: participating in fast­growing startup product creation; launching more than 9 Product Hunts that occupied the top 3 positions; developed analytics that allows you to monitor the clicks of the platform and at the same time increase the conversion by 3 times; SEO optimizations.  Education  Bachelor of Computer Science (2019 ­ present) Andrzej Frycz Modrzewski Krakow University, Krakow, Poland  Junior Specialist of Computer systems and networks (2015­2019) Novorozdilskyy Polytechnic College, Lviv, Ukraine

File 42: IVAN VOVCHUK.docx
IVAN VOVCHUK   SKILLS Angular TypeScript JavaScript Angular Material Web APIs  RxJS three.js Karma/Jasmine ASP.NET Core REST  MS SQL Entity Framework Microservices  Git GitLab Jenkins Docker Agile/Scrum  WORK EXPERIENCE Software Engineer	February 2019 - Present TeraRecon, Inc., Raleigh-Durham-Chapel Hill Area, NC Implemented contour pushing algorithm that moved the application to the next level of advanced polyline manipulations. Implemented control point interpolation that enriched Eureka Explorer with powerful feature and increased sales attractiveness. Architect, design, and implement a number of key components like study panel, search panel, copy to clipboard functionality, support for enhanced theming, REST API for microservice architecture. Technologies: Angular 8, Web APIs, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, LESS, ASP.NET Core, C#, Entity Framework, MS SQL, Microservices, Docker, Agile/Scrum, Karma/Jasmine. Full Stack Software Engineer	October 2015 – January 2019 AMC Bridge LLC, Waltham, MA (Khmelnytskyi office, Ukraine) Mainly frontend and some backend development for running fluid and air simulations and run desktop software offerings through VNC in the browser. Implemented several key features: flow for setting up multiple simulations with different parameters, geometry viewers with parts comparison, new UI stuff based on Angular 5. Cloud solution creation increased revenue twice as engineers became able to run simulations remotely in the cloud instead of just desktop installation. Technical mentorship in a project with one junior developer in creating an Autodesk Inventor add-in to open Inventor’s assemblies in Web VR via browser. Technologies: JavaScript, AngularJS, Angular 5, three.js, TypeScript, Groovy, Grails.  .NET Full Stack Developer	March 2015 – October 2015 AMC Bridge LLC, Waltham, MA (Khmelnytskyi office, Ukraine) Implemented a web service for tracking employees’ tasks and work time. Back-and front-end development. Technologies: JavaScript, ASP.NET, MS SQL.  EDUCATION Khmelnytskyi National University, Khmelnytskyi, Ukraine	September 2016 – June 2018 MS in Computer Science Ternopil State Medical University, Ternopil, Ukraine	September 2001 – June 2007 MS in Pharmacology

File 43: IVASHCHENKO VIKTOR.docx
IVASHCHENKO VIKTOR v.ivshchenko.1321@gmail.com	Moscow, Russia	linkedin.com/in/ivashchenko-12452/	+7-926-330-00-11  EXPERIENCE	 Software Engineer Avito | OLX Group   Dec 2019 – Present	Moscow, Russia Developed admin panel for supports, it helps to handle client requests of secondary real estate. Refactored services of our command, also helped with splitting monolith of main desktop application. Created different kind of features for a-b tests in secondary real estate. Became a certified scrum-master in my command and improved processes in team, and burndown. Technologies: Golang, Php, Js, React-Redux, Postgresql, Redis, Rabbit MQ  Software Engineer Oriented at Frontend Mail.ru Group   Sep 2019 – Dec 2019	Moscow, Russia Developed overall architecture of frontend application. Developed with distributed team the web-portal for Russian oil company and we had to support IE10. Technologies: Typescript, React-Redux, React-Router, Webpack, Storybook, Python, Styled Components  Software Engineer Oriented at Frontend RamblerCo   July 2018 – Sep 2019	Moscow, Russia Improved frontend performance of choosing restaurant application. Added couple features in graphic representation of restaurants halls, which reduced waiting time of restaurateurs. Refactored legacy and added new frontend technology in project. Developed with team searching restaurants at map this is feature helped to attract new active users. Technologies: Node Js, React-Redux, React-Router, Webpack, Canvas, Typescript, Python Django, Styled Components  EDUCATION, COURSES	 Bauman Moscow State Technical University Bachelors in Robotics and Mechatronics    Sep 2014 – July 2018	Moscow, Russia Technopark Mail.ru - System Architect https://park.mail.ru/pages/index/   Feb 2017 – July 2018 Technologies: C/C++, Node Js, Python, Postgresql Scrum Course at agilix and scrum.org Received PSM I   Apr 2020  AWARDS	 Prize-winner Junction Hackaton Section AI    Nov 2018	Helsinki, Finland

File 44: Kirill Petrov.docx
Kirill Petrov Frontend Developer    Skilled and dynamic professional in frontend development with experience in designing and developing websites and web applications. Have a proven track record of integrating clients' design vision into pixel-perfect cross-browser responsive and/or adaptive websites. Continuously developing my expertise in frontend development and surrounding areas, including UI/UX and backend development.  Experience Personal info	  Phone +7 (999) XXX-XX-XX  Email xxxxx@gmail.com  2020 -07 - present        2019-07 - 2020-07           2017-08 - 2019-07       2016-08 - 2017-08 Senior frontend developer (#React/Redux, #Typescript, #Jest/Cypress) Raiﬀeisen Bank - bank. Moscow, Russia. Retail business software development department Developed web portal for bank partners (developed frontend architecture, led customer development interviews with users) Set up monorepo for all mortgage web applications. Wrote unit and UI tests, managed web server for local development. Took part in the development of bank Design system as a contributor. Managed all A/B testing activities for mortgage applications. Frontend developer (#React/Redux, #ES6) Sberbank - largest bank in CEE. Moscow, Russia Compliance Technology Development Department Created internal web application for the compliance department. Integrated application with external bank products and solutions, implemented client-side encryption, transferred application from monolith to micro-service. Refactored legacy code and improved application performance. Communicated with internal clients to understand business needs, demonstrate new features, and improve UX. Took the role of Scrum Master in the team (meetings facilitation, communication with parallel teams, managing agile scrum artifacts). Frontend developer (#Backbone/Marionettej #BEM, #React - pet projects) Drumee - website constructor. Moscow, Russia Translated designs to front-end code, estimated time and costs, and determined developer requirements and specifications. Collaborated with creative and development teams on the execution of ideas and projects. Promoted new ideas, process improvements, and new technologies to team members. Updated existing code to improve site performance. Frontend developer (#jQuery, #bootstrap) Handybank - internet-banking system provider. Moscow, Russia Developed web interfaces and implemented them into a Java-based internet-banking solution. Developed a new company website. Worked closely with a cross-functional project team to define and develop product roadmaps.  LinkedIn www.linkedin.com/in/xxxxxx  Web https://github.com/2u4u https://medium.com/@2u4u (EN) https://t.me/blog_2u4u (RU) https://www.behance.net/2u4u  Programming skills	  Frontend: Native JS (ES6), React/Redux, Typescript, Backbone/ Marionette, jQuery, HTML5, CSS3  Tests: Jest, Cypress, React Testing Library  Backend: Node.js, Express.js (REST API), WebSockets, Passport.js, Java  Database: MongoDB  Other skills	  Adobe CS (Ps, Ai, Lr) Corel Draw, Inkscape, GIMP Figma, Sketch Application deployment on AWS, Digital Ocean, Heroku  Education	 Agile, Scrum, LESS  2003 - 2008 Moscow State University of Geodesy and Cartography Faculty of Applied Cosmonautics and Photogrammetry. Master's of Science in Information Systems & Technologies.  Languages	  Russian - Native  Certification	 2020	Scrum master school (Sberbank corporate university) English - Advanced French - Basic

File 45: Kirill Radezky.docx
Kirill Radezky Software Engineer daniaaaadezky@gmail.com +370003501501 Visa sponsorship required Minsk, Belarus GitHub LinkedIn  Technical skills  JS, TS, node.js, mongo, graphql, react.js, docker, gatsby, redux saga, OAuth 2.0, GitLab CI, GitHub actions, agile, various git workflows, design patterns  Work experience  Oveo (January 2021 - present) | start-up  BeatHead (October 2019 - November 2020) | product company | Back-end engineer Saved dozens of hours of fellow workers' time by implementing an application to create new accounts in many tools like AppsFlyer, Firebase, etc. Implemented generation of http clients from swagger schema automatically connecting 4 microservices together Implemented a music analyzing tool showing BPM and onsets in audio  Expert Soft (September 2017-January 2021) | outsource company Projects Credit rating website (August 2020-January 2021) | Leading front-end engineer Implemented the micro frontend project 2 months faster than it was expected by leading and teaching a team of two back-end developers  Health and beauty websites group (March 2019-August 2020) | full-stack engineer Implemented a user tracking and personalization module for all websites of the group and reduced by 8 times the time of subsequent changes  Life science e-commerce website (September 2018-March 2019) | front-end engineer Redesigned the whole web-site Set up an optimizing front-end resources build system, thereby accelerated the page loading time by 20%  E-commerce drugstore website (September 2017-September 2018) | full-stack engineer Taught myself React.js in 1 month and eliminated the need for a dedicated front-end developer Connected the website to a payment system Brought the project to production release  Education  B.S. in Software Engineering at Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics

File 46: Kirill Valiavskyi.docx
Kirill Valiavskyi  Phone: +7 (093) 635-10-00;  Summary:	Project Manager with an overall 5 years experience in software development of various kinds with strong interpersonal skills and a proven record of successfully delivered IT products. Passionate about tackling new challenges, learning, and keeping development and team agile. Good at managing priorities, meeting deadlines, understanding business values, and timely delivery.  Experience (Ukraine, Kharkiv): (Dec 2020 - Now) Delivery Manager/ Technical Program Manager	Grid Dynamics Achievements: ❏ Brought order into the chaos by taking control of project documentation; ❏ Build trusted relationships with stakeholders; ❏ Organized development process using the most suitable agile methodologies; ❏ Took responsibility for direct reporting to Senior Management;  (April 2019 - Nov 2020)	Project manager / Scrum Master	EPAM Systems Achievements: ❏ 100% delivery of planned increments for the last 10 month; ❏ Under my management project health check value has raised from 2.5 to 4.25 (out of 5); ❏ Successfully managed a project with over 1M$ budget; ❏ Managed a program with up to 25 engineers (from juniors to leads); ❏ Shared Project Management and Scrum knowledge across the Company through webinars and tech-talks; (June 2014 - April 2019) Project manager	MWDN Ltd. Achievements: ❏ Researched and found a solution to customer’s problem and was able to quadruple the team; ❏ Managed projects from negotiations to closure across all phases; ❏ Completely switch the whole account from Waterfall to Scrum; Education: Sep 2009 – Jul 2014	Simon Kuznets Kharkiv National University of Economics, Master's degree in International Economics   Skills:  Distributed team management; Communication; Risk Management; Budget management; Motivation; Adaptability; Research skills; PM Methodologies; Conflict Management; Microsoft Project; Jira; Planning; Facilitation; Project documentation; Estimations; Interviewing;   Hobbies:	Fixing and overhauling different staff, travels, books, new technologies.  Languages: English - C1 (Advanced); Russian - Native; Ukrainian - Mother language;

File 47: Konstantin Alex.docx
Konstantin Alex Back End Developer      10+ years of extensive experience as a back end web developer with a focus on creating websites and different customer services. During this time I've been creating more than 200 websites. I've been working with PHP since 2008. Also have experience with Python, Java, and Android mobile development. Absolutely comfortable working remotely and know how to stay organized and how to work in a remote team. I love to learn new things, and I pick up on new concepts fast, especially in a hands-on environment. My goal is to find a full-time remote position in an international company and to grow up as a professional.   Technical Skills PHP (OOP, SOLID, Patterns) | Symfony | WordPress | Python | Django | Flask | Java | VueJS | Slim | WebPack | Git | HTML | CSS | jQuery | PHPUnit | MySQL | PostgreSQL | MongoDB | Redis | AWS | Rest API | SOAP | Composer | Docker | Scrum | Linux | RabbitMQ | Sphinx | JavaScript   Work Experience  Senior Back End Developer RT Labs	Aug 2020 - Present Participated in development of SAAS platform for creating ~200-250k government websites. Developed a REST API module for communication between the base platform and websites. Developed service for creating patches and central updating websites. working in a team with remote coworkers: developers, analytics, and designers elements and pages of base websites logging system    Senior Back End Developer WebWay	May 2017 - Aug 2020 Created a website for one of the biggest insurance companies. 25+ calculators and forms to buy a new policy, to send a report, or to ask some questions analytical system with reports, graphics, and filters connections with different services (SOAP and REST) connection with payment systems and receipt printing system automatic testing of all forms Website for one of the famous business coaches in Russia. website with a possibility to choose and order physical or digital content (books, CD, DVD, MP3, etc) a personal cabinet for the customers a ticket system for the event when you can choose the cost of your ticket, buy this ticket, and print it  Back End Developer Individ	Aug 2016 - May 2017 My main focus was on the Bitrix framework. I was responsible for development of new projects and technical support of current projects. created a website for a chain of federal medicine clinics e-store for a big tech company with many pages, services, and connections technical support of current projects    Back End Developer NetCat	Mar 2013 - Aug 2016 For this company I worked as a tech writer and as a developer. For this company I: rewrote all official documentation for developers and users created module «Bills» for the main product of company tested components of the system communicated with other remote developers performed technical support of other developers     Full Stack Developer The South Urals Chamber Of Commerce And Industry	Feb 2010 - Mar 2013 My main role is the development and support of the company's main website and support services. Communicated with the company's customers and created websites for them. finished courses as a specialist with creating security tokens. worked as a coach and taught people how to work in a auction platforms    Full Stack Developer Web Group «W»	Nov 2008 - Feb 2010 Created a social-network for the builder's community, a portal for a regional city with different services. At this company I was responsible for: development of new projects technical support of current projects review code to increase the code quality and working with other developers  Education Master in Computer Science (2002 — 2006)

File 48: Konstantin Grachev.docx
Konstantin Grachev Moscow taaaurovic@gmail.com  Willing to relocate: Anywhere  Work Experience  Lead Android Developer Sovcombank - Moscow June 2018 to Present Support mobile application of bank Sovcombank. Coordinate work across teams. Review, document, and provide maintenance support to existing application code. Perform new application feature development Android Developer Taxcom - Moscow June 2016 to May 2018 Manage a team of 8 people (5 android developers, 2 QA, 1 UX/UI designer). Review code. Planning and distribution of tasks. Release of the company's application releases. Conducting technical interviews. Android Developer Paragon Software Group - Moscow October 2013 to May 2016 Support mobile application  Education  Master of Engineering in Computer Science Chuvash State University - Cheboksary September 2006 to July 2011  Skills  Android Kotlin Languages  Russian - Expert English - Intermediate  Links  http://www.linkedin.com/in/grachev98

File 49: KRAVTSOVA ELENA.docx
 

File 50: Leonid Brovtsev.docx
Leonid Brovtsev Software Engineer Moscow, Russian Federation +7 (916) 000-29-64 luaaandodok@gmail.com  Experience December 2020 - PRESENT Wargaming, Moscow - Software Engineer https://wotblitz.com The Moscow ofﬁce of Belarusian game company  I work as a game developer in World of Tanks Blitz project. The team I work in develops new gameplay features on the client side. I mainly use C++ and a local custom built engine now. April 2018 - December 2020 Yandex Taxi, Moscow - Software Engineer https://taxi.yandex.com Russian ride hailing service  I worked as a software developer in a strong team. Our project was a complex system using microservices and a lot of internal Yandex’s tools. Responsibility of my team was about everything related to B2B. I used Python (80% of time) and C++ (20% of time) on my job: Python 2/3 , C++17, aiohttp, twisted, MongoDB, PostgreSQL. July 2017 - March 2018 Gett, Moscow - fiunior Software Develofier https://gett.com The Moscow ofﬁce of Israel ride hailing company  I was a part of Full-Stack developer team that created web apps for Russian drivers and cab companies. We used Python3, Django, PostgreSQL, celery, JS, React, Redux, webpack. September 2014 - July 2017 National Research Nuclear University MEPhI, Moscow - Laboratory Assistant http://www.nevod.mephi.ru/en/ Experimental Physics Laboratory  I used to develop reliable software for scientiﬁc research. Software that I wrote was used to control of extensive air showers station (NEVOD-EAS) and also worked on various data processing scripts. I used C++11, Qt, boost::asio, Python3, Flask, NumPy.  Education September 2013 - July 2017 National Research Nuclear University MEPhI, Moscow - Bachelor’s degree Experimental nuclear physics

File 51: Leonid Sheremeev.docx
Leonid Sheremeev Software Engineer, Berlin, Germany  +49 1520 4000982 |  sheremeev.anaaay@gmail.com |  aaarey.sheremeev  |  sheaaaen0  Skills 	 Programming	Kotlin, Java, Python, C++/C, Rust , Bash, Haskell Technologies	Git, Docker, Spring, AWS, Android, Gradle, gRPC, Jenkins, TensorFlow, Pandas Skills	Algorithms&Data Structures, System Design, Coroutines, Parallel programming, Linear Algebra, Statistics, Numerical Methods Languages	English, Russian, German (actively learning)  Work Experience 	 JetBrains	Berlin, Germany Software Engineer	|	Kotlin, Ktor, Coroutines, Gradle	Apr 2023 ‑ Aug 2023 Led NP‑complete dependency resolution algorithm development, creating documentation and relatable knowledge base, as a result – boosted dependency resolution algorithm efficiency by an impressive 20% Analyzed over 60 projects, designed a testing interface for build data gathering across 30 projects, offered optimization insights Conducted extensive research on dependency resolution problem, gathered relevant information from a wide range of papers Experimented with various server protocols, and optimization techniques to enhance data downloading Continuous Integration Pipeline, pull requests, code reviews, load/stress testing, unit/integration/e2e testing NRU HSE University	Bremen, Germany Mentorship for C++ team project	Feb 2023 ‑ Jun 2023 Facilitated weekly team meetings to promote idea exchange and maintain a high level of motivation Provided guidance on design patterns and effective code structuring techniques, helped with implementation details Assisted in code refactoring efforts and conducted thorough reviews of GitHub pull requests to enhance code quality Aeronavigator	St.Petersburg, Russia Android Developer	|	Java, Spring, Android Studio, Gradle	Jun 2022 ‑ Feb 2023 Developed a comprehensive mobile application for pilots, providing access to essential documents, schedules, and real‑time communication capabilities with authorities and airport personnel Enhanced server‑client communication protocols, optimizing system responsiveness with protocol optimization, reducing latency by 50% Conducted extensive refactoring, prioritizing safety and security for 40% of the existing code base  Education 	 Constructor University Bremen (ex Jacobs University)	Bremen, Germany Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Software Engineering	Dec 2022 ‑ Jun 2023 National Research University Higher School of Economics	St.Petersburg, Russia Bachelor of Applied Mathmatics and Computer Science	Sep 2020 ‑ Jan 2023  Projects 	 3D‑reconstruction app	|	Java, Android Studio, OkHttp, Python, OpenGL	NRU HSE University Mobile app that identifies objects in photos and transforms them into intricate 3D models	Feb 2022 ‑ May 2022 Designed and implemented the core functionality of the app, including the code architecture for all app screens Developed interfaces for client/server communication, enabling real‑time collaboration for 3D model reconstruction Engineered a system for efficiently saving and restoring the application’s state and critical data, data caching Git	|	Java, Jackson	NRU HSE University Git Implementation with CLI	Apr 2022 ‑ Apr 2022 Implemented all core features of the Git: init, add, rm, checkout, log, reset, commit with command line interface with unit test coverage Evolution (Desktop game)	|	C++, gRPC, SFML	NRU HSE University The desktop game inspired by board game ”Evolution”	Feb 2021 ‑ May 2021 Developed game logic and established a code architecture following the Model‑View‑Controller (MVC) pattern Engineered both server and client‑side functionalities with gRPC to enable online multiplayer gameplay Ensured code quality by implementing unit testing for correctness Other projects	|	Java, C++/C, Haskell, Python, TensorFlow Signal classification: Neural network that classifies 40 different signals according to MFCC and MEL spectrogram with 99% accuracy Tic‑tac‑toe: The console game with a testing framework build with C macroses to streamline test development Vector: The own implementation of C++ std::vector with strong exception safety guarantee Lambda calculator: Haskell library for resolving ß‑reduction in lambda terms and resolution of problems of their aß and ß equivalence BMP processing: The application for BMP image download, cropping and rotation

File 52: Lysikov Nikita.docx
Lysikov Nikita Data SciEncE IntErn · MachinE LEarninG IntErn Kharkiv, Ukraine | ready for relocation  Education  	 V.N.KARAZiN KhARKiv NATioNAl UNivERSiTY	Sep. 2018 ‑ May 2022 Bachelor of Math of School of Math and Computer Science  Projects  	 2D‑BasED stratEGY With procEDurallY GEnEratED WorlD | C++	Jun. 2017 ‑ May. 2018 Implemented basic behavior mechanics by programming randomised movement and resource consuming algorithms Developed random world generation algorithm, which used multiple random seeds to build realistic world. Programmed UI and savefile structure by implementing game configuration menus and save‑load system Natural lanGuaGE EMulatinG Bot | C++	Sep. 2017 ‑ Jul. 2018 Implemented dictionary expanding algorithm by adding ”Ask meaning of word” and ”Add Word to dictionary” functions Developed sentence building simulation by programming basic language grammar rules Built mood simulation system by adding randomly generated mood coefficients and altering used dictionary according to them OnlinE Shop WEBsitE | Python	Jan. 2020 ‑ May 2020 Implemented UI and user database using Django Developed Order and Delivery Interface by implementing user and provider order interface using Django Built online cart using Django  Honors & Awards  	 IntErnational 2019	Honorable Mention, Ukraine ACM‑ICPC (Top 75 of 883 participants)	Kharkiv, Ukraine Aug. 2020 C1 Level Certificate, Cambridge Assessment English test	Kharkiv, Ukraine Aug. 2019 C1 Level Certificate, ÖSD test	Vienna, Austria  Certificates  	 Packt Publishing	Online Data SciEncE WorKshop Completed Data Science Workshop created by Packt Publishing Coursera	Online MachinE LEarninG WorKshop Completed Machine Learning Workshop created by Coursera Coursera	Online Natural LanGuaGE CoursEs Completed Natural Language Courses created by Coursera  Additional & Volunteer Activities  	 IEEE V. N. Karazin Kharkiv National University Student Branch	Kharkiv, Ukraine  WEBMastEr 2020‑prEsEnt tiME Programmed official website of V. N. Karazin Kharkiv National University Student Branch Proposed various marketing and network activities to raise awareness Organized educational events and Karazin University Programming Cup Aug. 2020 ‑ present time            	1

File 53: Marat Drozdov.docx
Marat Drozdov / Lead Front End Engineer	Email: aaadevdroz@gmail.com LinkedIn:	https://www.linkedin.com/in/aaar-drozdov-b0a200153/ Immigration status: GC holder (expiration date 08.27.2032) Mobile: +1-484-716-4549 Skills Languages:	JAVASCRIPT, TYPESCRIPT, HTML/CSS. Application:	JIRA, GitLab, Bitbucket, Figma, Invision, Splunk, Postman, Swagger, Mural, Jenkins Tech stack:	Angular 2+, ReactJS, Vite, Ngrx, Redux, RxJS, Flow, SASS, LESS, npm, Tailwind CSS, Node.js, Flowbite, Puppeteer, Jenkins, OpenShift W ebpack, gulp, grunt, Storybook, Highcharts.js, Three.js, Charts.js, Jquery. Testing:	Jest, Karma, Jasmine, Cypress, Stryker, PACT, Axe, JAWS. Methodologies:	Waterfall, Kanban, Scrum. Experience Virtusa Full-time Lead UI Engineer	October 2022 - Present Designed and implemented platform React JS application Implemented micro front end architecture using Vite Federation and React JS Conducted technical interviews Raised test coverage from 50 to 95% Onboarded and mentored senior engineers Implemented npm uikit library   EPAM Systems USA Full-time Lead Software engineer	Mar 2020 – October2022 Created Angular components library using ng-packagr and storybook which helped to break down monolith application into multiple micro-frontends. Built angular micro-frontends which resulted in reduced regression testing time by 50% and simplified release procedure by making it independent for each team. Cover core features of application with Cypress tests which improved the overall health of the code base. Conducted technical interviews for external candidates as certified tech interviewer with 75% hire rate. Developed large module for creating tasks for non-commercial open source application Autie.io  EPAM Systems RUS Full-time Software Engineer, Senior Software engineer	May 2018 – Mar 2020 Implemented mobile version for the internal EPAM application using Angular 12 from the scratch, which resulted in raised number of participants and improvement of usage metrics. Established quality gates for the project by adding pre-commit hooks and PRs validation checks in addition to code review guidelines. Raised unit and integration test coverage from 62 to 89% by managing the tech debt and prioritizing backlog. Migrated ReactJS application from Flow to Typescript which improved the health of the code base and lead to the reduced number of errors. Built analytics library using JS that added value for project management and ability to track analytics via splun dashboard.  Bell integrator Full-time Software engineer	Jan 2018 – May 2018 Implemented application for the National Banking system, using Knockout.js and typescript, built vocabular service and integrated it into the system that helped to improve performance by using Rx.js. Worked with UX and accessibility team on improving page accessibility using HTML properties and W3C standards. Initiated integration test implementation which lead to raising coverage from 0 to 60% for a quarter using jest, which helped to reduce number of defects by half.   SIBUR Holding LLC Full-time Software engineer	May 2017 – Jan 2018 Designed architecture and built web application using ReactJS for accounting department, application was nominated and awarded “Innovation of the year”. Built multipage learning system for new employees onboarding, which made the process automated using native JS and CSS, later migrating it to React JS which made application fast and lightweight.   Builda Team Full-time Software engineer	Jun 2016 – May 2017 Made pixel perfect one-page websites from Figma designs using Jquery, JS and CSS. Improved SEO metrics for existing webpages by using semantic HTML and analyzing tools Worked on making existing webpages responsive using Bootstrap, media queries, css-grids and flex-boxes.   Education  State Linguistics University of Nizhniy Novgorod , Masters in Public Relations 2010-2015

File 54: Marat Kydyrsha.docx
    Summary Marat Kydyrsha +7-778-000-31-50 | saaatkydyrsha@gmail.com | linkedin.com/inaaadyrsha | github.com/aadyrsh89a     Frontend Developer with 3 years of experience in designing and implementing SPA apps using Vue.js for an international bank with 900k+ B2B/B2C users.  Experience  Senior  Software  Developer	Nov. 2022 – Present Home Credit Bank Kazakhstan	Almaty,  Kazakhstan Increased the efficiency of the identity verification process by 27.7% and accelerated the process by 41 seconds. This transformation, driven by the implementation of digital document integration, the addition of a camera access notification popup, and clear instructions on how to grant camera access, significantly increased the success rate of identity verification for more than 80,000 individuals. Achieved a 10.3% improvement in the OTP (One-Time Password) verification process by enhancing the logic for SMS resend requests and resolving bugs, reducing the verification time by 15 seconds. Resolving other equally significant bugs throughout the application led to a 146-second reduction in the completion time of the entire process. Pioneered the practice of conducting retrospectives after each sprint, fostering a more efficient and productive workflow by systematically identifying areas for improvement. Initiated the implementation of Docker, speeding up the development process. Managed releases and conducted code refactoring. Frontend  Developer	Nov 2019 – Oct 2022 Smart Digital Consulting	Almaty,  Kazakhstan Initiated image optimization by converting them to WebP, resulting in the saving of 2 gigabytes of storage space on the server. This led to faster page loading times and an improved user experience. Simplified and standardized HTML emails by breaking down the main components into a modular system, facilitating the faster creation and editing of email campaigns while ensuring a consistent brand image. As a result of design recommendations, the client accepted and embraced the proposed changes. Mentored and guided 7 interns in their professional development. Technical Skills  Languages: JavaScript, SCSS Frameworks: Vue.js, Nuxt.js, Vuetify, Vuex, AngularJS, Svelte, Bootstrap Developer Tools: Git, Docker, WebStorm Libraries: Innovatrics  Education  International  Information  Technologies  University	Almaty, Kazakhstan Bachelor of Computer Science and Software Engineering (concentration: CCNA)	Sep. 2015 – May 2019 Carnegie Mellon University	Almaty, Kazakhstan Accomplished all levels of the Software Development Program (from 1 to 12)	Sep. 2015 – May 2019

File 55: MARAT TAZHIMBETOV.docx
MARAT TAZHIMBETOV marat3424@gmail.com ⬦ +7 000 000 1107  EDUCATION  Suleyman Demirel University	September 2016 - June 2020 Almaty, Kazakhstan B.S. in Computer Science. Receiver of government scholarship for top science Olympiad medalists.  EXPERIENCE  Chocolife.me	June 2019 - Present Core developer	Almaty, Kazakhstan Core Developer on the #1 coupon service in Kazakhstan with 300,000+ monthly active users Top-5 contributor by pull requests in the company Worked on every part of the platform: buildsystem, deployments, microservices, database refactoring Built new version of API for the whole mobile application which decreased number of requests to the server by x3 Integrated Elasticsearch which optimized all admin-panel’s database requests’ latency by x5 Automated user data consistency among main services via RabbitMQ and Pub/Sub design pattern Refactored MySQL table’s schema which decreased the number of records from 10 Million to 300 thousand rows Chocolife.me	January 2019 - May 2019 Software Engineering Intern	Almaty, Kazakhstan Designed & developed blogging platform’s miscroservice using Phalcon, PHP via RestAPI & OpenAPI 100% unit & functional tests coverage using Codeception Suleyman  Demirel  University	September 2016 - December 2016 Teaching Assistant, Part-time	Almaty, Kazakhstan Supervised 20+ students and gave 15+ lectures on algorithms & data structures in Java  PROJECTS  Vehicle registration plate recognizer Diploma project	May 2019 - June 2019 Created whole software ecosystem for automatic number-plate recognition Built RESTful API which recognizes car license number from a received image. Used Flask, OpenCV Created dashboard for clients which provides access control for clients parking lot. Used Laravel  SKILLSET  Confident in: PHP, Data Strucutre and Algorithms Had experience with: Python, Java, C#, Git, Lua, MySQL, Tarantool  AWARDS  Bronze medal in the Mostratec international Science and Technology Exhibition 2016 (Among 100+ teams) Top-2 in Regional Olympiad in Biology 2015 (Among 30+ students)

File 56: Mark Iarish.docx
Mark Iarish Front End Developer mark78.yarish@gmail.com • LinkedIn Three years of extensive experience as front end developer. Skilled in striking balance between functional and user experience. Excel at building reusable code for future use, as well as optimizing web pages for maximum speed and scalability. Tech-savvy professional with progressive experience decomposing and distributing complex tasks to team members. Articulate communicator with credible history of cultivating and maintaining positive collaborations with clients, key stakeholders.   Technical Skills JavaScript | CSS | React.js | HTML | Git | Redux.js | SASS | Webpack | Node.js  Work Experience  Lead Front End Developer OptiSystems, Russia	Feb 2018 – Present Provide first-class services as leading front-end developer of main project, which is the leader in the CIS among peers. Leverage proven expertise for development of web interfaces with ReactJS, Redux. Facilitate workflows by refactoring legacy code as well as develop application architecture to better code maintainability. Estimate time and distribute tasks in team of 5 front-end developers. Optimize performance and user experience. Implemented best practices for testing, performance improvement, and documentation. Adviced to 4 other developers to ensure process and performance improvement. Successfully initiated development of next project that is gaining popularity among clients.  Python Developer Clinical Oncology Center No. 1, Russia	Oct 2017 – Feb 2018 Participated in development of medical information system. Responsible for module for integration with Electronic Medical Record. Proactively improved module for uploading data to third-party service that resulted in over 1000 of new medical cases to be uploaded per day.  System Administrator Regional Association of Builders of Kuban, Russia	Sept 2013 – Sept 2017 Provide user support and online safety. Configure access policies. Maintain 2 servers, manage data backups. Modify official site with new modules. Provide process automation. Automated loading of up-to-date information about 400 partner organizations to official website. Organized infrastructure covering branches of organization in 4 cities. A system for registering changes on the site has been developed, which has been working smoothly for over 5 years.  Engineer, Teacher Krasnodar Information Technology College, Russia	Jan 2012 – Aug 2013 Taught group of 20 students a course of lectures on basics of programming and system administration. Developed exam questions that were also used in work by other teachers  Education Master in Computer Science (2005 – 2008) Russian State Social University, Moscow, Russia

File 57: Mark Orlov.docx
Mark Orlov Back End Developer  orlaaan.job@gmail.com | LinkedIn   10+ years of extensive experience as a back end web developer with a focus on creating websites and different customer services. During this time I've been creating more than 200 websites. I've been working with PHP since 2008. Also have experience with Python, Java, and Android mobile development. Absolutely comfortable working remotely and know how to stay organized and how to work in a remote team. I love to learn new things, and I pick up on new concepts fast, especially in a hands-on environment. My goal is to find a full-time remote position in an international company and to grow up as a professional.   Technical Skills PHP (OOP, SOLID, Patterns) | Symfony | WordPress | Python | Django | Flask | Java | VueJS | Slim | WebPack | Git | HTML | CSS | jQuery | PHPUnit | MySQL | PostgreSQL | MongoDB | Redis | AWS | Rest API | SOAP | Composer | Docker | Scrum | Linux | RabbitMQ | Sphinx | JavaScript   Work Experience  Senior Back End Developer RT Labs	Aug 2020 - Present Participated in development of SAAS platform for creating ~200-250k government websites. Developed a REST API module for communication between the base platform and websites. Developed service for creating patches and central updating websites. working in a team with remote coworkers: developers, analytics, and designers elements and pages of base websites logging system    Senior Back End Developer WebWay	May 2017 - Aug 2020 Created a website for one of the biggest insurance companies. 25+ calculators and forms to buy a new policy, to send a report, or to ask some questions analytical system with reports, graphics, and filters connections with different services (SOAP and REST) connection with payment systems and receipt printing system automatic testing of all forms Website for one of the famous business coaches in Russia. website with a possibility to choose and order physical or digital content (books, CD, DVD, MP3, etc) a personal cabinet for the customers a ticket system for the event when you can choose the cost of your ticket, buy this ticket, and print it Back End Developer Individ	Aug 2016 - May 2017 My main focus was on the Bitrix framework. I was responsible for development of new projects and technical support of current projects. created a website for a chain of federal medicine clinics e-store for a big tech company with many pages, services, and connections technical support of current projects    Back End Developer NetCat	Mar 2013 - Aug 2016 For this company I worked as a tech writer and as a developer. For this company I: rewrote all official documentation for developers and users created module «Bills» for the main product of company tested components of the system communicated with other remote developers performed technical support of other developers     Full Stack Developer The South Urals Chamber Of Commerce And Industry	Feb 2010 - Mar 2013 My main role is the development and support of the company's main website and support services. Communicated with the company's customers and created websites for them. finished courses as a specialist with creating security tokens. worked as a coach and taught people how to work in a auction platforms    Full Stack Developer Web Group «W»	Nov 2008 - Feb 2010 Created a social-network for the builder's community, a portal for a regional city with different services. At this company I was responsible for: development of new projects technical support of current projects review code to increase the code quality and working with other developers  Education Master in Computer Science (2002 — 2006)

File 58: Mark Ten.docx
Mark Ten, Software Engineer +998900016537, vlad029594@gmail.com  LINKS	LinkedIn, GitHub, YouTube, Twitter  EMPLOYMENT HISTORY  Jun 2020 — Sep 2021	Software Engineer (Go), Mobalytics	Remote Product: Gaming assistant Worked on the new part of our product online-shooter Valorant Improved and developed internal services for reducing infrastructure costs by 20% and response time by 30%, including global cache manager, gateways Refactored old code base and move it to new microservice architecture  May 2020 — Jun 2020	Software Engineer (Go), Express24 (Contractor)	Tashkent Product: Food ordering application Designed and developed from scratch cashback service which helped increase repeat purchases up to 10% based on user research  Feb 2020 — May 2020	Software Engineer (Go), Paul Camper	Remote Product: Private camper rental platform Worked with cross-functional team on developing new features: Booking prolongation, Booking deactivation from idea to actual implementation. Almost 20% of our users needed those features, which also helped the company to save costs on the technical support side  

File 59: Matvey Sheremeev.docx
Matvey Sheremeev SOfTWarE ENGiNEEr, BErLiN, GErMaNY +49 1520 4000982   |	sheremeev.andrey@gmail.com   |	aaarey.sheremeev     |	sheaaaen0  Skills  	 Programming	Kotlin, Java, Python, C++/C, Rust , Bash, Haskell Technologies	Git, Docker, Spring, AWS, Kubernetes, Android, Gradle, gRPC, Jenkins, TensorFlow, Pandas Skills	Algorithms&Data Structures, System Design, Coroutines, Parallel programming, Linear Algebra, Statistics, Numerical Methods Languages	English, Russian, German (actively learning)  Work Experience  	 JetBrains	Berlin, Germany Software Engineer	|	Kotlin, Ktor, Coroutines, Gradle	Apr 2023 ‑ Aug. 2023 Led NP‑complete dependency resolution algorithm development, creating documentation and relatable knowledge base, as a result – boosted dependency resolution algorithm efficiency by an impressive 20% Designed a versatile testing interface for build data gathering across 30 projects, offered optimization insights Conducted extensive research on dependency resolution problem, meticulously gathering relevant information from a wide range of papers Experimented with various server protocols, and optimization techniques to enhance data downloading Continuous Integration Pipeline, pull requests, code reviews, load/stress testing, unit/integration/e2e testing Aeronavigator	St.Petersburg, Russia Android Developer	|	Java, Spring, Android Studio, Gradle	June 2022 ‑ Feb. 2023 Developed a comprehensive mobile application for pilots, providing seamless access to essential documents, schedules, and real‑time com‑ munication capabilities with authorities and airport personnel Enhanced server‑client communication protocols, optimizing data exchange and system responsiveness with protocol optimization, reducting latency and cahcing strategies Conducted extensive code refactoring, prioritizing safety and security  Education  	 Constructor University Bremen (ex Jacobs University)	Bremen, Germany Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Software Engineering National Research University Higher School of Economics	St.Petersburg, Russia Bachelor of Applied Mathmatics and Computer Science  Projects  	 3D‑reconstruction app	|	Java, Android Studio, OkHttp, Python, OpenGL	NRU HSE University Mobile app that identifies objects in photos and transforms them into intricate 3D models	Feb 2022 ‑ May 2022 Designed and implemented the core functionality of the app, including the code architecture for all app screens Implemented interfaces for client/server communication, enabling real‑time collaboration for 3D model reconstruction Implemented a system for efficiently saving and restoring the application’s state and critical data, data caching Evolution (Desktop game)	|	C++, gRPC, SFML	NRU HSE University The desktop game inspired by board game ”Evolution”	Feb 2021 ‑ May 2021 Developed game logic and established a code architecture following the Model‑View‑Controller (MVC) pattern Engineered both server and client‑side functionalities with gRPC to enable online multiplayer gameplay Ensured code quality by implementing unit testing for correctness SSVEP BCI classification	|	Python, PyRCCA	NRU HSE University Implemented three algorithms for selecting the target stimulus by spectra, CCA and FBCCA Achieved classification accuracies across all algorithms, depending on the window size, with the highest accuracy 0.98 Oct 2022 Git	|	Java, Jackson	NRU HSE University Implemented all core features of the Git: init, add, rm, checkout, log, reset, commit with command line interface Implemented unit test coverage for different test cases Apr 2022 Other projects	|	Java, C++/C, Haskell, Python, TensorFlow	NRU HSE University Signal classification: Neural network that classifies 40 different signals according to MFCC and MEL spectrogram Tic‑tac‑toe: The console game with a testing framework build with C macroses to streamline test development Vector: The own implementation of C++ std::vector with strong exception safety guarantee Sep 2020 ‑ Dec 2022 Lambda calculator: The Haskell library for resolving ß‑reduction in lambda terms and assisting in the resolution of problems of their aß and ß equivalence BMP processing: The application for BMP image download, cropping and rotation

File 60: Nick Koshlan.docx
Nick Koshlan Software Engineer As a software engineer, I’m willing to solve complex technical problems. I consider myself to be an eﬃcient team player. With my enthusiasm and strong knowledge, I would deﬁnitely bring value to your company and contribute to a meaningful cause!   EDUCATION Lviv Polytechnic National University Artiﬁcial Intelligence, Bachelor`s Degree 09/2018 - Present,	GPA(83/100 ) Lviv, Ukraine Courses Linear Algebra	Mathematical Statistics Algorithms	Object-Oriented Programming Artiﬁcial Intelligence	Web Development        SKILLS   +7 (098) 945-1111   Lviv, Ukraine     linkedin.com/in/nnnkoshlan           nnnkoshlan     WORK EXPERIENCE Technical Consultant/ Software Engineer N-IX 02/2020 - Present,	Lviv, Ukraine Projects HR - ECM Project used by enterprise customer Metinvest Holding. Its main purpose is to automate documents ﬂow in the whole company. I take part in product development and writing user stories. Stack: OpenText Content Server, SAP, MS SQL. MISA - used by enterprise customer from Switzerland. This is MSC Project with many external features. I take part in planning, architecting and developing of front- end part. Stack: C#, React, TS, SAP, Froala (WYSIWYG HTML Editor).  Team Lead/ Front-end developer SoftServe 01/2020 - 06/2020,	Lviv, Ukraine Projects Unity - a volunteer web app with system of tickets. There you can upgrade your level, collect achievements and many other. I came up with an idea of the project, was managing teamwork for 5 month, and presented project in front of company managers. Stack: Java(Spring), TS, React, Bootstrap4.   PERSONAL PROJECTS Flower shop (09/2019 - 01/2020) First personal project written for learning. While I was developing it, I learned to be an organized and result-driven person. I presented it at my University, as my end-of-semester project. Stack: Java(Spring MVC), JS, Thymeleaf, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap4.   CERTIFICATES Front-End Web UI Frameworks and Tools: Bootstrap 4 (03/2020 - 04/2020) Grade Achieved: 98.50%  Front-End Web Development with React (04/2020 - 05/2020) Grade Achieved: 100.00%  Design Patterns (03/2020 - 04/2020) Grade Achieved: 97.50%  SQL for Data Science (02/2020 - 03/2020) Grade Achieved: 92.67%   LANGUAGES   Team Lead/ Front-end developer GlobalLogic 01/2019 - 06/2019,	Lviv, Ukraine Projects AquaDrone (Start up) - main idea was to create a cheap version of underwater drone. I took part in product development (Android app for remote control). I also assembled a team, coordinated the workﬂow and contacted our mentor, At the end I presented it for the company investors. English Professional Working Proflciency  Ukrainian Native   INTERESTS    German Limited Working Proflciency  Russian Full Professional Proflciency    

File 61: Nickolay Wolozin.docx
Nickolay Wolozin    Warsaw, Poland     WORK EXPERIENCE CLUDO | Junior Software Engineer November 2019 - Present | Warsaw, Poland Built service to calculate clients statistics data to build a dashboard on web page (Java, Java Service Wrapper, Redis, SQL, Javascript, JQuery). Developed web-based applications using latest tools, such as: ASP.NET Core, RabbitMQ, Redis. Implemented time logging tool that increased effeciently of Development Team by 20% (Javascript, Node.JS, Jira SDK).  Online Casino Project | Associate Software Engineering November 2018 - March 2019 | Remote Implemented over 100 - server-site logic for slot games (C++, SQL). Developed tool to generate values for slot games (WPF, C#, .NET). Provided support in testing process.  Black Rose Projects | Junior Game Developer March 2019 - November 2019 | Sosnowiec, Poland Processed porting 2 PC-games projects on Nintendo Switch Platform that were published on Nintendo Store (C# - Unity, C++ - Unreal Engine 4). Developed Telegram Bot to follow the project building process (C#, Telegram Bot API, Heroku SDK). SKILLS TECHNICAL SKILLS Proficient with: Kotlin • C# • Java • SQL Familiar with: C++ • Javascript Summary: Experience in troubleshooting/debugging, knowledge about algorithms and data structures.   TECHNICAL PROJECTS Phold | Android Application Summer 2020 - Present Developing an complex project based on Google Maps API and internal REST API to show people old photos of places where they are. Technologies used: Kotlin • C# • Java • SQL • Android SDK • ASP.NET • Microsoft Azure.  HOBBIES  Music-making • Gaming • Stand-up    EDUCATION The University of Silesia | Katowice Bachelor of Science in Computer Science SEP 2016 - Present Member of scientific circle (Android Development) September 2016 - May 2018 Participant of one week game development competition in Trnava June 2018. Lead of white team. CONTACT  Phone: +48577540000 Email: 1246432nick@gmail.com

File 62: Nick Vinogradov.docx
Nick Vinogradov Preferred role: software engineer E-mail	: nickkk.vin@gmail.com Telephone		: +4000958077 (DK) Education	: M.Eng. in electronics (2012) Citizenship : Russia Residence	: Copenhagen, Denmark        Skill Set Modern C++, GCC/MSVC, Python Machine learning: NumPy, Pandas, Keras, TensorFlow, xgboost Embedded Programming: C for ARM, FPGA Design - Vivado, Vitis, HLS, RTL languages: SystemVerilog, Verilog 95/2000, VHDL-93/2008, Chisel, HLS, OpenCL Misc: CMake, Make, bash, TCL. Maintenance of the Azure, Redmine, GitLab, Jenkins. Linux and Windows system administration  Work Experience, 10 years of experience in complex digital system design Alipes A/S, Denmark Quantitative Developer Sep.2020-till now Cross-platform software development in modern C++ for ﬁnancial applications Design FPGA computational IP cores in Vitis and Vivado HLS Implemented ANN and DecisionTrees ML Models for low-latency trading  Widex A/S, Denmark IC Specialist, Digital Design Jan2019 — Aug.2020 (2 years) Design and implementation of ultra-low-power DSP blocks for next-generation hearing aid in VHDL for ASIC Resource, space and power optimization Collaboration with IC Phy and DSP teams Providing GUI and console utilities for daily routine operation - viewers and report generation Design by FDA and other medical device's certiﬁcation guidelines Cobham Satcom (ex. Thrane & Thrane), Denmark FPGA Development Engineer in Aviator S team March 2018 — December 2018 (10 months) Design, support and maintain RTL IP Cores (AXI interface) for Zynq SoC for Aviator S Smart Aircraft project Safety and security requirements writing and implementing, design test cases and speciﬁcation for commercial airlines avionics certiﬁcation Veriﬁcation of generated netlist with TCL, generate documents speciﬁcation with Python and Latex, memory map generation and support with Python  Huawei Technologies, Russian Research Center, Moscow Algorithm researcher in Nonlinear sector September 2015 —January 2018 (2.5 years) Matlab design of DSP algorithms - ﬂoating and ﬁxed point FPGA implementation of adaptive algorithms Zynq and Microblaze based SoCs RTL development SoC software development in Xilinx SDK - LWIP, Linux, hardware drivers Key project: polyphase DPD for wideband signals. Matlab ﬁx-point design of nonlinear algorithms, SystemVerilog code development, veriﬁcation system, platform research with 4G base station PA. Awards: Outstanding Contractor award 2016 of Russian R&D Center Member of Outstanding Team Award 2017  Digital Solutions, SPE, LLC Moscow FPGA designer September 2012 — September 2015 (3 years) Full-stack electronic design from small IP cores to device production. Network trafﬁc processing and analyzing system, DPI. IP cores design, CPU and PCIe interfaces, Ethernet, IP, TCP/UDP protocols in RTL, memory. Reed Solomon, Viterbi and LDPC codecs implementation for ASIC and FPGA. Matlab modelling, architecture design, RTL implementation and veriﬁcation. Flash and DDR memory-based systems - FIFO, stack, hash-tables, binary trees. PCB design - 10+ boards design. Capture design and layout designer communication. Altium component database development and support.  Research Institute of Precision Instruments, Moscow, FPGA designer February 2010 — September 2012 (2 years 8 months) R&D for radio channel coding system. QAM and QPSK through AWGN and multipath channel systems modelling for wireless communication. Matlab's implementation of DSP algorithms and ECC codes - Reed Solomon and Viterbi. Resource and parameters optimization. RTL implementation and veriﬁcation for space grade FPGA’s MIL-1553 IP core design and implementation. Concatenation codes research took the prize “Youth and future of aviation and space exploration 2012” of Russian Aerospace Agency http://mai.ru/conf/mforum/ﬁles/Pobeditely_2012.pdf  Research Institute of Space Instrument Moscow, Junior developer June 2009 — October 2009 5 months C++ algorithm Carrier-Phase measurements for NAVSTAR GPS and GLONASS.   Education M.Eng Electronics Engineering. Moscow Aviation Institute (National Research University) "MAI" 2006-2012 Faculty of Avionic systems, Communications with Mobile Objects. Specialist, Master of Engineering equivalent, 5.5 years Advanced specialization, 2 years, Information technology in electronic design - DSP, ARM, PCB design, FPGA, microcontrollers, ampliﬁers. Certiﬁcated, with honours  Specialization “Advanced Machine Learning”[cert] by NRE Higher School of Economics Introduction to Machine learning 100% Introduction to deep learning. 98.2% With Honor Bayesian Methods for Machine Learning With Honor Practical Reinforcement Learning, With Honors Addressing Large Hadron Collider Challenges by Machine Learning How to Win a Data Science Competition Natural Language Processing Deep Learning in Computer vision Extra Courses Advanced C++ Programming Introduction to OpenCL on FPGAs Databases and SQL for Data Science with Python Circuits & Electronics: MITx 6.002x MITx

File 63: Nikolay Rakitnykh.docx
Nikolay Rakitnykh Software Engineer LinkedIn 111rakitnykh@gmail.com +7 960 718 360 00 Moscow, Russia Visa sponsorship required   A highly-skilled software engineer with 9+ years of experience in SDLC/ Programming, Software Architecture and Team Management. A result-oriented person with effective clean coding practices, including design, unit testing, and peer code-reviews. Strong ability to quickly learn and utilize new technologies. EXPERIENCE  Project: Blockchain core. Smart contract programming language. Developed a new parser and compiler of the smart contract language. Created specification of the smart contract web IDE improvements, implemented a backend module that provides syntax and compiler data and led its integration. Profiled and optimized the code. The improvement increased the speed of the blockchain importing process by 46% (from 72 to 39 hours). Analyzed users' comments, made a requirement list and optimized the language code according to it. The improvement decreased the smart contract system usage cost and its maintenance by 30%. Leading a process of release planning which includes creation and gathering ideas, analytics, specification development and task creation. Initiated optimization of the release planning process and created a set of measures to avoid deadline problems. Leading a team of 4 software engineers.   Project: Online travel agency (tour and lodging search and reservations). Designed a distributed system for search and aggregation of tours, which replaced the previous monolithic application. Implemented main modules of the system. It allowed the team to manage the app instance amount in a more flexible manner, according to load, and saved around 15% of the server rent budget. Developed a subsystem for aggregation of peculiar errors and statistics of backend performance and their visualization. Developed automated hotel names-mapping and photo-tagging modules using machine learning tools: CatBoost, TensorFlow. Reduced handwork for content managers. Led a team of 3 software engineers.  Involved in all full stack development processes on 4 different projects. Developed an error prediction system (Healthcare - insurance reports) which included: data preparation, cycles of prototyping and result analysis. Taught myself Scala and rewrote two core modules of an outdated Java project. This revealed the advantages of the new language to the team and led to rewriting the whole project.   TECHNICAL SKILLS Java, Scala, Python, JavaScript, R Spring, Hibernate, Kafka, Jenkins, AWS, Nginx, ElasticSearch, Docker, Kubernetes   EDUCATION Tver State University (Tver, Russia)  Master's degree: Fundamental Informatics and Information Technologies in July 2013 Bachelor's degree: Information Technology in July 2011

File 64: Nina Pugacheva.docx
 linkedin.com/in/aaaaa-pugacheva (+36) 20 0007 9923 Nina Pugacheva Senior Data Scientist   isaaaaacheva@ya.ru   Data Scientist with 5+ years of experience in Machine Learning development for various projects in banking, telecommunication, and marketing areas. I have a proven track record of leading and managing a team of 4 professionals, including Data Scientists and Data Engineers. I possess a strong ability to communicate effectively with both business stakeholders and development teams, honed through my experience working as an ML engineer in consulting. My current responsibilities include leading a team of 4 individuals, which comprises Data Scientists and Data Engineers. My role encompasses task assignment, prioritization, conducting code reviews, and establishing streamlined intra-team processes. SKILLS Programming	Python, R, SQL, Git, Bash, Apache Airflow Quantitative Research	Machine Learning, Mathematical statistics, Mathematical optimization, A/B testing, hypothesis testing Domain Knowledge	Pricing optimization, Marketing optimization, Supply Chain Finance, Next Best Action, Credit Risks Databases	HDFS, Google bigQuery, PostgreSQL, Oracle Database, PL/SQL Data science toolkits	Pandas, Polars, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch, Numpy, Catboost Visualization Tools	Plotly, matplotlib, Seaborn, basic RShiny HIGHLIGHTED TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE Senior Data Scientist -> Data Science Team Lead / Online banking marketplace	Nov 2021 — Present Built an anti-fraud ML model tailored for detecting spurious clients reviews, subsequently packaging it as a service. The implementation of this pipeline within our business processes resulted in 20% reduction in the workload of the moderation team. Implemented a Machine Learning approach for managing a Google Ads budget. As a result, costs for treated traffic streams were reduced by up to 15% while the conversion rate remained the same. Developed a framework for selecting the best retention marketing channel, leading to an increase in overall conversion rates by 10% and cost savings of 20%.  Data Scientist / Glowbyte Consulting LLC	Jan 2019 — Oct 2021 Project: Implemented Value-Based Pricing framework for credit offering in AlfaBank (Russian Bank TOP-10). The solution consisted of ML models and decision-making engine, and was required to cover over 3 million loan offers monthly. Project: Developed Next Best Action framework for managing both revenue and risks of personal marketing communications in Megafon (a Russian major telecommunication company). Covering marketing campaigns above 17 million monthly users. The treatment group turned out to be 20-30% more profitable than the control group. Project: Built a model for credit risk estimating based on the Supply Chain Finance (SCF) approach for Otkritie Bank. The implementation provided an assessment of the large and medium-sized businesses. Project: Developed an Exposure At Default (EAD) risk model. Junior Data Scientist / Dentsu Aegis Network	Aug 2018 — Jan 2019 Developed 5+ forecasting systems of seasonal sales for advertisement holdings. EDUCATION Specialist Degree in Computer Science, National Research Nuclear University MEPHI - Moscow Engineering Physics Institute, Russia Additional course: Machine learning and data analysis, MIPT & Yandex at Coursera.org PUBLICATIONS ENG: ML&DS shades of Credit Risk Management. Part I. RU: ML&DS shades of Credit Risk Management. Exposure at default RU: Machine learning in banking pricing. VBP PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIES Conducting public talks about the business application of Machine Learning. Engaged in 1:1 mentorship with a junior teammate, helping develop technical skills such as SQL and Python, as well as systems design and OOP. Developed library and visualization tool for building ML models and evaluating the impact of manually quantized predictors. Launching and leading this project with junior and mid-level coworkers as a side-project that eventually became part of the company-wide ModelOps solution.

File 65: Oleg Buhai.docx
Oleg Buhai 368-000-7666 | oaaasandr.buugay@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-buhai-95a00027b | https://github.com/OlaaaandrBuhai Education NTUU  KPI	Kyiv, Ukraine Bachelor of Engineering	Aug. 2015 – May 2019 IT-Incubator.io Front-End Developer	May 2020 – May 2021 Experience Front-End  Developer	Apr 2023 - Jul 2023 Berlin Labs LLC	Remote Development of small features Participation in the development of a project for the sale of photo \ video. Markup Fix Bugs Front-End Developer	Jun 2022 – Mar 2023 Freelancer	Mlad´a Boleslav, CZ Development of landing pages; Development of small features Participation in the development of a project for the sale of photo \ video. Markup Fix Bugs Production  Supervisor	May 2019 - Dec 2021 Sˇkoda Auto	Mlad´a Boleslav, CZ Addressing technical challenges Managed both equipment and a team, ensuring smooth operations and quality standards Addressing technical challenges Graphic Assistant	Dec 2016 – Jul 2017 Mindy Support	Kyiv, Ukraine Data Processing for Neural Networks Image Processing for Future Use Projects Portfolio | React,JavaScript,CSS https://oleksandrbuhai.github.io/Portfolio/ Developed a responsive portfolio web site using React Deployment on GitHub Pages Working with libraries framer-motion , React styled component, tsparticles Technical Skills Languages: JavaScript,TypeScript HTML/CSS Frameworks: React,Redux, Redux Toolkit, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, Material-UI Developer Tools: Git, Visual Studio Code, IntelliJ

File 66: Oleg Burdeniuc.docx
Oleg Burdeniuc   LinkedIn • iaaasburdeiuk@gmail.com • (253)000-4088 • Redmond, WA  Summary With more than 4 years of experience as a Business Systems Analyst, I've participated in diverse projects, including mobile app and web services development, feature enhancement, and system/platform integrations. Here is a brief overview of my experience: Analyzing customer business and technical requirements and issues, and proposing solutions. Designing, building, testing, and implementing enhancements to meet functional requirements. Providing production support and continuous system troubleshooting, maintenance, monitoring, and training. Managing application-related tasks, projects, processes, and documentation to meet customer requirements. Coordinating internal and external resources to accomplish identified application tasks.  Technical Skills Requirements Analysis | Software Documentation | Troubleshooting Issues | Log Analysis | Kibana | Testing | Postman | SQL | Agile | Systems Integration | API | ESB | Data Migration | Json | XML | UML | BPMN | Jira | Confluence |    SIBERIAN.PRO Business System Analyst Experience   Remote Custom Development Projects	May 2022 – Jun 2023 Collaborated with business stakeholders, facilitating requirement gathering sessions, and crafting comprehensive functional specifications for systems and applications using Jira and Confluence. Identified and analyzed business processes, modeled business processes and requirements using BPMN and UML, pinpointed bottlenecks, and proposed optimization solutions resulting in a 25% reduction in process cycle time and a 15% increase in overall productivity. Prepared more than 15 feature lists for new custom development projects, including analytical evaluation and architectural descriptions. As a result, the company secured 4 new custom development projects. As part of mentoring, provided a detailed description and documentation of the requirements gathering and analysis process, as well as the technical documentation writing process. This optimization led to an enhanced onboarding experience for new employees, resulting in a 30-40% reduction in onboarding time. Structured sprints, prioritized, and managed task backlog, resulting in the successful implementation of an MVP product 2 weeks ahead of the planned schedule.  SBERLEASING	Remote System Analyst Systems Integration Project	Jan 2021 – Apr 2022 Executed a project aimed at optimizing integration flows, leading to an enhancement in data exchange efficiency and a processing speed boost of up to 25%. Described over 20 integrations of varying complexity and architecture. Conducted testing for each new integration interaction using Postman and SQL to significantly reduce time to market and minimize developers' efforts. Restructured service-to-service communication from direct interactions to integration via ESB (Enterprise Service Bus). As a result, key non-functional requirements of the system, such as scalability, security, performance, and maintainability, were improved. Performed research and root cause analysis in logs using Kibana to determine the causes of issues and find approaches to resolve identified problems YANDEX	Remote Business System Analyst Technical Support System Project	Aug 2019 – Dec 2020 Contributed to the development of a new platform for technical support services, resulting in a reduction of company expenses by $110,000 annually on the use of a third-party platform. Successfully migrated all data and the entire technical support structure to the new platform, ensuring smooth operations and achieving a 20% reduction in data migration time. Optimized ticket routing by utilizing system-integrated automation capabilities, resulting in an 18-30% improvement in average ticket processing speed.  Education Dubna State University	Dubna, Russia Bachelor’s degree, Systems Analysis and Management (2012-2016).

File 67: Oleg FOROFONTOV.docx
Oleg FOROFONTOV SOFTWARE ENGINEER  CONTACT DETAILS:	Tel.: +4900046398366 E-mail: foaaaontov.dev@gmail.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/inaaaitrii-forofontov  PROFESSIONAL PROFILE:  I am an experienced software engineer with a strong background in full-stack development, proficiency in databases, a track record in math Olympiads, and a passion for working effectively in diverse cultural environments.  TECHNOLOGY STACK:  Node.js, JS/TS, Python, Golang, PHP Mongodb, Postgres, MySQL, Elasticsearch React, Redux, Next AWS Docker Puppeteer, Cypress, Selenium  EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:  Software engineer, United Innovations GmbH Jul 2022 - Present   Munich  Created products for an outsourcing company with different technology stacks (TS, Node.js, GoLang, Python). Created new products from scratch and supported them till production phase. Led a team of backend-end developers. Mentored two junior and one working student software engineers. Often achieved performance enchantment by optimizing the final product and working with builds.  Frontend engineer, Swapus GmbH Oct 2021 - May 2022   I created the front-end for a cryptocurrency company. Designed the logic for graphs, charts, and the relationships between them. Created packages for charts and graphs state control. In addition, I collaborated with the back-end team to ensure seamless integration of the front-end with the back-end. I also conducted extensive testing to ensure the product was bug-free and met all requirements. Finally, I provided documentation and training to the team to ensure they could maintain and update the product as needed.  Fullstack engineer, CDC RESTORATION INC Jun 2020 - Oct 2021  Was developing themes and plugins using the PHP/JS stack on WordPress base. Since WordPress' main problem is speed, I created a solution to integrate React into WordPress renderer and convinced other developers to move to the PHP/React stack, which increased the loading speed of the final products by 700%+.   LANGUAGE SKILLS:  English: Advanced Russian: Fluent 

File 68: Oleg Ushakov.docx
Oleg Ushakov Berlin Germany | maaaay4@gmail.com | +4910002154726   Experienced Fullstack Developer with 10+ years of solid experience in software development. Over the last 4 years has been working with React for the front-end, Node.js for the back-end and a variety of AWS services. Looking for a job in a product based company where I can master my skills, gain new experience, design architecture and bring as much value as I can to the codebase. Have extensive knowledge of methodology, tools and techniques as in front-end and back-end development technologies. I am very attentive to details, self-motivated and always try to expand my knowledge.  Technical skills Front-End: JavaScript, Vue, React, Redux, Angular, TypeScript, Websockets, jQuery, Ajax, HTML5, CSS3, Less, Sass Back-End: Node.js, Express, Nest.js, PHP, Symfony AWS: Lambda, Step Fn, SQS, SNS, Cognito, S3, API Gateway Database: MySQL, ElasticSearch, PostgreSQL, MongoDB APIs: RESTful and Soap, OpenApi, GraphQL, Google, PayPal, Stripe QA: Jest, Mocha, Sinon, PHPUnit, TDD Agile collaboration tool: JIRA, Confluence (Atlassian), GitHub Content management system: WordPress, EzPublish    Education 09/2004 - 06/2009, Kharkiv National University of Radioelectronics, Ukraine System Programming, Bachelor diploma in system programming Work Experience  06/2020 - presents, Comtravo Gmbh, Berlin, Germany Tech Stack: Node.js, Typescript, AWS (Lambda, Step Fn, SQS, SNS, Cognito), React.js, GraphQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch, Microservices, Terraform, Stripe Backend engineering and development Designing and implementing test cases (test-driven development) Node.js app development Architecture design (service-oriented + event-driven) Refactoring and re-engineering the existing code base safely   01/2019 - 05/2020, FTI Touristik, Berlin, Germany Tech Stack: Node.js, Typescript, Angular, MongoDB, Firebase, Microservices Develop a portal to book cars and hotels Ensure that basket, ordering, fulfillment, payment and notification parts of the system are flawlessly functioning Integration with a number of external APIs Architecture design Defining coding standards(linter rules, Prettier, Sonarqube, etc) Conducting PR reviews   11/2015 - 12/2018, Infolox, Lindau, Germany Tech Stack: PHP, Symfony, jQuery, Mysql, Stripe Develop product-catalogs for industrial customers Integrating with CRM and PIM systems Develop core libraries   06/2009 - 10/2015, Solvelabs, Kharkiv, Ukraine Tech Stack: ASP, PHP, Symfony, MySql, Angular.js, WordPress, develop sites for dating, real estate, and logistic companies. develop different sites based on WordPress

File 69: Pavel Diakov.docx
Pavel Diakov Product Manager Summary	 Aspiring product manager with 3+ years of experience of building products from scratch as an entrepreneur with great project and team management skills resulting from leading 20+ consulting and event-focused commercial projects. Searching for a place to proceed with professional development and contribute to the rise of new great products. Work Experience	 2017 - 2020	FOUNDER – RUSSIAN HACKERS LLC (3 years)	russianhackers.org – aid companies to achieve business goals with a help of hackathons Product manager: developed platform for organizing hackathons which reduced our project execution time by up to 30%; through the period of 9 months turned it into the profitable B2B SaaS product for other hackathon organizers (generated >$35.000 in additional revenue). The market entry strategy I developed (showcases + wide adaptation among participants + access to community and expertise) made it possible to attract major players as our regular customers and became a market leader. developed business opportunity into a new stream of income researching existing and potential customers and users to build a feature backlog providing functional and technical planning and managing the full-cycle product delivery process building and enchasing sales funnel gathering requirements from clients and delivering customizations establishing a process of aggregating feedback from clients and users recruiting and managing development team: full-stack dev, front-end dev, UX/UI designer taking part as a part-time full-stack developer to speed up testing and delivery of new features Project manager: organized and consulted more than 20 hackathons that helped clients to find and test new product ideas, recruit talents and teams, develop employer brand and spread their technologies. developed a framework for organizing hackathons that maximizes the value of an event for clients leading sales and negotiations processes with clients working with stakeholders inside the client to make event work (CIO, CTO, CPO, Head of HR) transforming business problems into hackathon challenges planning and supervising projects’ execution coordinating project team (promotion, communication, design and production, mentoring, logistics) Clients I was working with: 1C, Avast, HERE, Huawei, Microsoft, MTS, Lenta, NVIDIA, Philips, Raiffeisen Bank, Rosbank, Sibur, SberCloud, WorldQuant, Unilever, Yellow.Rockets, Federal Taxation Service, Moscow Agency of Innovations.  2019	METHODIST, MENTOR – MIPT INNOVATION LAB (5 months)	Educational course for 3rd year students at Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology Developed and delivered education program upon modern approaches of startup development: 53 students in 9 teams with support from 7 mentors were pushing projects through innovation funnel during the 5-month period; 3 teams continued to work on their projects after in the university’s accelerator. developed a suitable course program and assessment criteria managed collaboration between teams and mentors mentored teams though the course gathered data to improve the course (the course was successfully conducted again the following year)  2017 - 2018	FOUNDER – YASTREAM (7 months)	yastream.win - P2P donation platform for streamers with enhanced connection with viewers Developed the idea and managed the project to the stage of actual MVP; gained proof of concept. Was able to get partnership contract from Yandex.Money and receive an investment proposal from QIWI PLC. Collapsed due to the loss of interest by keys member as a result of long negotiation processes. developed idea to the actual business case recruited and managed team: front-end, back-end, android dev, designer, product manager led negotiations with partners and investors took part as a part-time full-stack developer (ASP.NET, SQL Server)  Education	 Lancaster University	2020-2021 E-Business and Innovation, M.Sc. National Research University “Higher School of Economics”	2015-2019 Business Informatics, B.Sc. (Honours)	GPA 8.75/10 London School of Economics and Political Science	2018 Open Innovation, Summer School	A-  Hackathons	 3rd place	Junction, Helsinki: “Making Spaces Brighter with Radar Technology”, 2019 1st place	HEX, Eindhoven: “E-commerce”, 2018 1st place	Digital Aviation Hackathon, Moscow: track “Travel planning”, 2018 2nd place	HackUPC, Barcelona: “SmartLocation to save lives”, 2017 1st place	HackUPC, Barcelona: “#HackHarassment”, 2017 2nd place	NASA Space Apps Challenge, Moscow, 2017 1st place	Yandex.Money Hackathon, 2017 1st place	QIWI API Contest, Moscow, 2017

File 70: Pavel Fedotov.docx
Pavel Fedotov @TechLead (Ex-Google Tech Lead)  I've reviewed hundreds of engineering resumes. Here's a recap on some of my best tips below. More interview training with ex-Google and ex-Facebook engineers at http://techinterviewpro.com/  The 10-second rule Take 10 seconds to scan your resume from the beginning, reading through it quickly (as if you had a dozen other resumes to get through). This may involve reading only the first half-page, scanning the first 5 words of each sentence/bullet point.  What do you see? If it's all over the place with fluff words, weak verbs, and shows weakness, chances are your resume will get thrown out because 10 seconds is probably about as much time as a recruiter/hiring manager is going to give you.  Here's what you need to ensure: The first words at the top of your resume should be very software-developer oriented, around developing, implementing, creating, and building: "Developed a REST API in X using Python and Java..." "Built a full-stack web app and launched to 1000 users..." "Taught myself GoLang and implemented a framework for a webserver..." That's starting to sound like a candidate we might be interested in.  The resume should flow in sentence structure, explaining one after another in active verbs what you have personally done. There's a rhythm here: "Built X, Created Y, Developed Z, Implemented A, Built ..." If you are breaking up the resume with statements rather than actions like "GeoPickV3: A project to terraform the geoclusters," that halts the readability of the resume with fluff words that explain absolutely nothing, and switching the subject between you, your project, your team, and your company causes mental breaks. The subject should be you. It should be clear that you are a strong developer for the targeted role within the first few moments of reading your resume. If it is not strong, you need to rephrase your resume. Pitfalls: Don't use non-engineering words like "Documented," "Supported," "Troubleshooted, "Automated unit-testing," etc., You are not applying to be tech-support here or a documentation writer, so there's no need to highlight those points. Just like how you wouldn't highlight that you can cook, even though the company may need a few good cooks -- that's not what you're expecting to do here.  At the top, don't list low-priority information like hobbies, extracurriculars, or irrelevant skills like Photoshop, Premiere, Excel. Move these towards the bottom of the resume, or just leave out skills that may dilute your resume. Don't spend too much time explaining what the company does or what the team does. Explain what you personally did.  Tell a Story Descriptions should tell a story.  It is absolutely useless to list a bunch of technical jargon that no one knows. Imagine reading a laundry list of: Implemented X (version 238200) Implemented Y in SprintSpark 3 Implemented Z using GeoLoaderXX1 It just doesn't matter what someone implemented if there is no story behind it.  Even worse, many people don't explain the languages used, and these technologies are often all proprietary so there is no way to reuse the skillset.  Saying that you "Implemented Carraform v2.0 and launched to Prexo SpringSuite" is like saying nothing, and yet most resumes are absolutely littered with phrases like this.  I would recommend you explain your descriptions in a format of [ACCOMPLISHMENT, IMPACT, CHALLENGE]  This 3 components tell a complete story. For instance, you might say "Developed a server-side layout engine in iOS by teaching myself GoLang to automate 1000+ antiquated manual layouts. Working with a coworker, this began as an ambiguous project that I drove to completion and launched company-wide." This is far more impactful and relatable, since it explains what you did, why it was hard, and what the validation of that work was.  Less is more.  Focus on a few very strong points and develop those, instead of a long list of bullet point features, none of which seem very interesting for anyone to care about. If you have a big accomplishment, spend more time on your resume to talk about that. The fact is that any bullet point could have an amazing story behind it, but you need to reveal that story.  I once saw a resume with a "Co-founder" role and yet there was a single 5-word bullet point. "Co-founded a company and launched X." That looks... disgenuine. Was this real? What were  the challenges and impact? Is this worth talking about? Obviously not if the candidate didn't have much to say about it.  It's about you. Not about your accomplishment What many candidates fail to realize is that I want to know what you, as an individual, did. Not what your company did. Not what your team did. Not what your project did. What you did.  Because the fact is, the only thing you're able to bring to my team is you.  So I want to know about your personal contributions to a project. That's it -- what type of character are you, what skills do you have, how did you apply those skills, what motivates you. It doesn't matter if your company is "the worldclass leader in B2B enterprise solutions with 50,000 clients," if the only task you did was write tooling documentation.  So, don't worry so much about listing every little accomplishment like how you "Implemented Terraform in CarbOS using Carabide." Nothing in that sentence is usable or translatable. But if you were to say "Taught myself Carabide in 2 months and collaborated with 3 teams to lead development of Terraform, launching with CarbOS..." That tells me a lot more about your ability to learn, your collaboration skills, and your passion for creating.  Show. Don't tell. Every bad resume seems to have a portion where the candidate will say:  "I am hardworking, enthusiastic, and passionate. I am a great communicator, have excellent teamwork skills, and am perfect!" You're telling me, but you're not showing me. What reason do I have to believe you?  If you're such a great communicator, you should have the stories to back that up -- instead of telling me that you can communicate, show me that through a story about how you "Mentored your team through weekly presentations, leading to the adoption of the ViewModel pattern in the codebase." If you're passionate, tell me about a pet project you started.  If you're hardworking, tell me about how you taught yourself a new language and shipped it under a tight deadline.   The resume is where these stories paint a picture of you. It is your personal marketing brochure, not a fact-sheet. What in here isn't BS? A trained resume reviewer will be scanning for fake, BS stories. For a resume to standout, it needs to contain validation. You validate your skills by explaining the results -- the impacts of your work. Some tips here: For each story, list the impact. Instead of saying "Implemented X," say "Implemented X, and was featured in the TechCrunch." Or "... this work was adopted to the wider team." Or "... saving $XX thousands of dollars," or "... and sped up developer velocity." I've seen resumes with 10 pet projects, and yet not a single link to the project website or github or anything. Where's the evidence of any of this? Were these worthless projects that were trashed? Put in concrete technical details where they count to substantiate your claims. If you have a one-liner "Developed the iPhone," that's just not believable. But if you can expand on that with all the relevant technologies & challenges, that makes your claim believable. Grounding the claim in reality makes it impressive.  People won't click on your links. A lot of candidates put links in their resume, which is great. But just know that 90% of people will not be going through the hassle of opening each and every link. I've seen a number of resumes where people say "Built Project Maven (github.com/myproject)." The description here isn't sufficient and it needs to stand on its own - you can't assume anyone will go to these links. If you have links, it may help to have a single personal page (yourname.com), rather than a dozen links to your github, linkedin, facebook, twitter, personal page, project page1, project page2, etc., Who's going to open all of that? Make the links easy to type, using a shortener or custom domain. If someone takes the time to open any of these, make sure the projects look good. If I waste 5 minutes of my time to check out your personal GitHub, and it's just scrap waste projects... guess where your resume's going too?    Target your resume to the role. A lot of candidates get confused about "facts" vs "story". Your resume is not a fact sheet. It is a targeted story, subjectively told in an effort to persuade a biased decision. If you worked in a "Hardware Engineer" role and now you want to do Software Engineering... do you talk about your hardware work? If you can cook, do you talk about that? If you worked as an Uber driver, do you list that? The answer to all of these is "no." Depending on the role at hand, you want to highlight just the relevant skills. Even if at your last job 10% of the work was Python, if you're applying for a Python role you want to be gushing about all the Python development that you did. "Implemented X in Python. Used Python to do Y. Taught myself Python frameworks Django and Flask to do Z." If the role is for Machine Learning, focus in on those keywords. If it's for a web frontend engineer, focus in on your web javascript skills. If you aim for everything, you'll hit nothing. You must code. The hilarious thing is sometimes people apply for SWE roles and yet they don't seem to want to actually code. They'll go into the interviews and say: I don't code anymore. I'm more into strategy. I lead projects. I managed my team and coordinated them. I'm a co-founder and CEO. I'm an entrepreneur. I have leadership skills. I'm a great communicator and team player.  I once saw a resume where the top 3 experiences were "Co-Founder", "Co-Founder, "CTO." OK, maybe you should go apply to be a cofounder then? Because this role is for coder. Too many people don't want to code, or think they're "above the code." Many resumes I've read seem reluctant to mention code or languages. People might say "Created X, Y, and Z and shipped this project, leading and coordinating development on X." Well, where in this sentence did you actually do coding?   Let's put it this way: If you've applied for a SWE role, you're expected to code. Not to waltz around the office in a suit going to meetings with the VP of Sales. So show the languages, frameworks, and technologies that you're using.  A lot of people will bucket all of that into the bottom of their resume under "Skills: C, Python, Javascript" and never mention any of these again in the rest of their resume. That is simply not very convincing evidence that you can actually code. It doesn't explain how well you can code.  Formatting Let's talk about formatting. It matters. Single page. If you are using more than a single page, you are rambling. Trim it down because no one has time to read all of this stuff. Highlight just your best, most recent work like a brochure. Single Column. Double-column layouts and fancy fonts/graphics generally just distract and people can accidentally skip portions of your resume. It doesn't flow. Fully spell the names of companies. Which looks better? "VMWare" or "VMWare, Inc."? The mental weight of the fully-spelled name makes it look more official and professional. Fully spell the names of your degree & education. Similarly, don't short-change your 4-year degree (if you have one) by saying "Majored in cs at Ohio state." Make it look good. "Bachelor's of Science in Computer Science. Ohio State, 2004. 3.80 GPA." That's better. It may even be appropriate here to list additonal activities, honor societies, relevant coursework & projects to bulk up the education a little more so that it's not just a one-liner. Grammar check. Spelling check. Capitalization check. No photos. In the US, it is illegal to discriminate based on age, gender, race, or appearance. Don't put photos on your resume for that purpose. Your name. I've been toying with this idea recently, but it's something to think about. Let's pretend you have a name like "Xheycho Yining Sundarabai Xylophone." I'm sure it's a beautiful name in your language, but it doesn't look familiar for many people. I've seen some colleagues with unpronounceable names and they say "Just call me Bobby," or "Just call me Shay" and that instantly seems to make them more relatable. Think about it -- your name is your personal brand and is to be memorable. It paints a picture about the person behind the resume. It may help to put something like: "Shay" (Xheycho Yining Sundarabai Xylophone). (Up to you though, this is just a theory). Age. Age discrimination is absolutely illegal. If age is a concern for you, consider removing your graduation dates. No one will ask you to list those, because it is illegal.   The objective. Not everyone needs an objective.  But, if you have a broad background, an objective may help focus your resume and clarify your intentions -- especially if you're switching fields, people may get thrown off. An objective is a quick way to briefly explain what's going on here, instead of allowing a person to read the resume once, become confused at your history, then read it again, then think about the open roles, then try to figure out if there's any mistake here, etc., Oftentimes, I'll see a candidate's resume and it's all over the place. There's a little of everything. So I ask myself, "First of all, what type of role is this person going for? iOS? Android? Backend? Frontend? Machine Learning? Graphics? Are they even interested in graphics?"  This is one reason you need to focus your resume, as mentioned above. An objective is a tool for helping you do that if you feel your background is wandering all over the place.  Last Impressions count. Every resume has a first impression. And every resume leaves a last impression. This is the last thing on there. Make it look good and make it count.  I've seen some resumes that just end with something forgettable like:  Education bs in biology at Canvers Institute, 2008  Does that look good to you? bleh. I think even if you were to list a few fun facts about you as a person like a cool hobby, a cool project, or next to your education list some neat clubs/activities/coursework you did that can make your resume more memorable.  Make yourself seem like someone people want to bring in to personally meet.  Ready to fast-track your career in tech? Visit http://techinterviewpro.com/ and join our community.

File 71: Pavel Orlov.docx
Pavel Orlov	pavel.o@outlook.com Senior Frontend Developer & Team Lead	+7 91 9000-0000 Visa sponsorship required  T-shaped, responsible, and collaborative Software Engineer and Team Lead. 8+ years of experience of development in startups, consultancies, and product companies. Advanced skills in frontend development, an expert in JavaScript, various frontend frameworks, and libraries. Comprehensive knowledge of Java and backend utilities. Passionate about user experience and clear software architecture. Fond of teamwork and productive meetings.  Technical Skills 	 Languages	TypeScript, JavaScript, Java, Golang Frameworks & libs	ReactJS, Svelte, Effector, Recoil, Redux, Apollo GraphQL, TreeJS, OSM, ExpressJS, Spring  Professional Experience 	 Remedy Inc Senior Frontend Engineer & Team Lead	Dec 2019 ‑ present Developed a flexible platform to allow customers to choose a clinic and get or order some medical services online Migrated a complex legacy project from JavaScript/AngularJS to TypeScript/React with unit and integrating testing Significantly increased accessibility for users with mobile devices Developed and implemented UI-library with Unit tests and documentation based on Storybook Designed frontend architecture Leading and influencing software engineering best practices within teams for the full software development life cycle, including documentation, design, coding standards, code reviews, building, testing, deployment, and other operations. Led a team of 5 members  Vinavis Senior Software Engineer	Nov 2018 ‑ Dec 2019 Developed a high-loaded management system for unmanned vehicles Architected and developed a scalable real-time ReactJS application Improved performance from 10 to 60 FPS for the most loaded parts of the app Implemented CI/CD for the frontend part of the application Developed and Implemented multi-domain OAuth-based authentication Developed and Implemented JS library for on-map data visualization Coordinated teamwork of 3 developers  ITeco Software Engineer & Senior Software Engineer	Apr 2016 ‑ Nov 2018 Developed and successfully delivered SPA (part of a complex enterprise solution) for letting clients book deposit boxes online for one of the biggest banks in Russia Developed and implemented a module for remote printing Created about 20 new components for internal UI library Achieved 90+% test coverage on the Backend side Implemented integration with other banking modules and flows Made several major CI/CD improvements which allowed to reduce deployment time from 17 to 3 minutes Interviewed 30 candidates, mentored 4 junior engineers  Freelance & Web Studios (SEMark, Consulting plus) Web developer & Lead Web Developer	Sep 2012 ‑ Feb 2016 Developed various company projects as a full‑stack JavaScript/PHP & Python developer Led development of Web and Mobile application Developed and delivered a solution for municipalities to allow local governments to handle incoming citizen’s application Processed incoming business requirement Delivering innovative technical solutions to improve business outcomes Implemented integration with third-party APIs  Education 	 Master of Computer Science	State Technical University, 2016

File 72: Pavel Proskurnikov.docx
Pavel Proskurnikov Bremen, Germany (+49) 1620004363   |	milaeaaao@gmail.com   |	iaaai.dev   |    Iaaaaee   |    pavel-paaakurnikov  Experience  	 Digital Security (Audit Department, Research) Place: Russia, Saint Petersburg Dates: June ‑ August 2021, 3 months Researched persistence methods in different OS types (Windows/Linux) (github) Made cheatsheets for methods of persistence in Windows and Linux Implemented a tool for persistence automation in Linux systems. JetBrains (Software Engineer, Internship) Place: Germany, Bremen Dates: June ‑ August 2023, 3 months Implemented assembly language (NASM) in ReSharper Implemented lexer, syntax parsing, hints, errors highlighting, and analyzing Performance optimizations by using performance profilers. JetBrains (Software Engineer, Work student) Place: Germany, Bremen Dates: November 2023 ‑ May 2024, 7 months Diploma work (Details hidden for now) Achievements  	 04.2021 Finished 15th out of ~1000 participants, prize‑winner, Saint Petersburg state university math Olympiad		Russia 03.2020 Finished in top 5% among ~1500 participants, prize‑winner, ”Phystech” math Olympiad (MIPT)		Russia 10.2021 Finished 9th (red team ”Wetox”), Standoff, cybersecurity competition between blue and red teams		Russia 06.2021 Finished 7th out of 200 teams, CTF Zone, cybersecurity competition in the format ”capture the flag”	Worldwide Skills  	 Programming Languages	C/C++ (advanced), C# (advanced), Python (intermediate), Bash (intermediate) Spoken Languages	English (~C1, advanced), German (A1+, learning), Russian (native) Technologies & Frameworks	Linux (advanced), Windows (intermediate), Docker (advanced), Git (advanced), Apache/Ngnix (intermediate) Professional Certifications	HTB CPTS Projects  	 Nintendo Entertainment System emulator (github) Languages & Frameworks : C++, Boost, Cmake, Qt Worked in a team of 3. The program can run digitized cartridges that had been used by real NES. Emulates all meaningful hardware components like CPU, CPU BUS, PPU, RAM/ROM, mappers, and controller. Implemented functionality like ”Cheat engine”, which allows the user to search and change values in ROM/RAM, and play through the network. Implemented by me: CPU, CPU BUS emulations, ”Cheat engine” logic and play through the network. PDB‑extractor (github) Languages & Frameworks: C# (without any additional libraries) Receives the list of PE files from the command line and extracts a PDB file location Parses a PDB file information in different streams and prints it in the console Console chat (github) Languages & Frameworks: Python3, SqlAlchemy, Flask, Gunicorn Creating groups for chatting Sending/getting messages by the Flask routes, saving messages history using SqlAlchemy Possibility of multi‑processing by Gunicorn  Education  	 Constructor University Bremen (2022 Sep ‑ 2024 Jun, Bachelor)	Bremen, Germany Bachelor of Computer Science program, taking additional JetBrains courses in addition to the university classes Higher School of Economics (2021 Sep ‑ 2022 Jul) (GPA 8.62/10)	Saint Petersburg, Russia Faculty of mathematics and computer science, bachelor of ”Applied Mathematics and Informatics” program

File 73: Petr Aleksandrov.docx
Petr Aleksandrov Email:	wadeeeec@gmail.com Mobile: +7-921-754-00-00 Saint-Petersburg, Russia Visa sponsorship required   An enthusiastic and dedicated software developer with over 7+ years experience. Extremely organized with the ability to work both independently of own initiative or as part of a successful team, demonstrating the motivation and multi-tasking abilities required to meet demanding deadlines while maintaining the highest of standards.  Experience  Combined Ratio Solutions	Hartford, United States Senior Software Developer	oil 2020 - Present Added functionality for sending mail from internal documents to the project and created an additional service for processing emails. Key achievements: C# ASPNET, MVC, WCF, REST, Html, CSS, JavaScript, React.  SetlCity Company	saint-Petersburg, Russia Software Developer	June 2078 - Oct 2020 Developed a service for processing incoming phone calls which determined whether the number belonged to the region. Developed Android applications, which eventually made it easier to control the construction site. Developed a web application that allows you to optimize and group access to internal documents. Key achievements: C# ASP.NET, .Net Core, Android.Xamarin, WPF, WCF, REST, Html, CSS, JavaScript, React, Redux   BFT Company	saint-Petersburg, Russia Software Developer	Sept 2015 - June 2078 	Developed more than 50 report templates using Eclipse BIRT, allowing, as a result, to make fast, informative reports for a large amount of information. Developed Helpers for the report generation module, which reduced the development time of each report by more than three times. Key achievements: Java, C# ASP.NET, .NET Core, MVC, PostgreSQL  Innovation Systems Laboratory	saint-Petersburg, Russia Software Developer	Sept 20J4 - Sept 20 5 Developed a logging system for the desktop application, which notified developers about the presence of errors. Developed a system for searching for items on targeted state-owned online auction sites, which reduced the development time of each site from 4 days to 1. Key achievements: C# WinForms and special crypto-keys, NUnit/TDD   Education Herzen University, Saint-Petersburg Bachelor of Science in Economics   Saint-Petersburg, Russia Jan 2012 - Jule 2019   Personal projects  Naeded	Demo service that allows you to find employers to solve everyday and business issues. WI/Vw.naeded.com	Requisites for testing: login: setter@set.set password: drakavlifte

File 74: Petr Ivanov.docx
Saint-Petersburg, Russia Linkedin +7 (123) 456 79 90 noreplay@mail.ru     I am a site reliability engineer. Now, I am working at edge services team. We do high-load front services. For example: improvement to infrastructure, tools and processes; efficiently scale services; improvement to infrastructure, tools and processes; increasing optimization and automation.   Administration of the fronts' infrastructure. Achievements: Developed dashboard with auto-discover information about our servers; Deployed MVP multi-regions openstack installation with sr-iov; Updated and developed notification system about problem with our services; Moved test stages to new scheme and configuration under ansible control; Migrated part of services to HTTP/3. System administrator	Old company name	Jan 2018 - Mar 2020 Cloud team	Moscow, Russia Administration of the cloud's projects servers. ~2000 Linux servers/containers: Architecture design; Automation, deployment and support of various environments - development, testing, production; Capacity planning, implementation of monitoring the quality of the project; Ensuring fault tolerance and scaling of projects. Achievements: Deployed and supported s3 infrastructure; Migrated from Microsoft document editor to own editor infrastructure, which was based on AppName software; Moved test stages to the current OS versions and added configuration management via puppet; Developed new backup system for databases. Jr System administrator	Old company name	Dec 2016 - Jan 2018 Storage team	Moscow, Russia Administration of mail storages, files storages, photo/video storages (~3000 Linux servers/containers). Supporting server infrastructure; Automation, monitoring, ensuring fault tolerance and scaling of projects. Achievements: Automated servers’ setup processes; Deployed part of new mail storage system.  Duty System Engineer	Old company name	Aug 2016 - Dec 2016 Duty engineer team	Moscow, Russia Worked at monitoring team: Monitoring quality of projects and network HW and SW troubleshooting Automation of monitoring tasks. Duty System Administrator	Old company name	Apr 2015 - Aug 2016 Data center’s engineer team	Moscow, Russia Worked at data center's engineers team: Monitoring quality of projects and network; Troubleshooting; Initial identification of problems from logs. Technical Support Engineer	Old old company name	Aug 2014 - Apr 2015 Technical support team	Moscow, Russia Worked at support team in back: Responded to IT incidents; Troubleshooting; Installation of updates, monitoring of software complexes; Provided advice on the operation of standard PC applications and peripherals. Education and Certiﬁcations  B.Sc. Applied Informatics in Economics, Institute of Mechanics and Power Engineering, Moscow. 2011 – 2015 Developing web services in Go - language basics, Coursera  Technologies and Languages  Languages: Python, Go, Bash Technologies stack: Debian/CentOS/LXC; Nginx/Apache; Ansible/Salt/Puppet; Git; Mysql/Postgres; Grafana; Openstack; Docker/Kubernetes; MongoDB/Tarantool; Memcached; DNS and mail services.

File 75: Rafael Alaskarzada.docx
Rafael Alaskarzada naaaa85@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/naaak/ | +994 50 0004322  10+ years of Telco and IT experience | Project Manager | Scrum Master | Product Manager | Agile Change Manager  EXPERIENCE Simbrella | http://www.simbrella.com/ | Simbrella is a FinTech company that enables mobile operators and banks to provide credit based on big data analytics. Serving 200M+ customers in 25 countries. Project Management Office director (March 2017– Present) & Technical Project Manager (September 2013 – March 2017) Established a new Technical Project Management unit, PMO department and rolled out better task managment practices in order to improve productivity and product quality. Started agile transformation, by introducing Scrum and Kanban, coaching teams and individuals. Created and implemented task management processes and introduced a task management system in company Launched products and services in more than 12 countries around the world as project manager. As a Project Management Office director - contributes high-level decisions in support of the company's strategic planning, mission, visions, and goals.  Civil Service Commission under the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan Project Manager/System Administrator (November 2006 – September 2013) As a Project Manager was responsible for maintenance of the Civil Servant Register database Lead the creation, development and improvement of Civil Servant Register database tools Managed the team that was designed, implement and customized network and equipment in the testing centers of the Commission covering 240 testing places As a System Administrator, created a network infrastructure for operations need of Commission from the scratch.  Ministry of Communication and Information Technologies IT Engineer the Informational Computer Centre (February 2003 – October 2005) Responsible for the website updates, adding new features, regular updates etc. Responsible for Mail and fileservers maintenances HelpDesk, providing 1st line technical support  EDUCATION, CREDENTIALS and HONORS Bachelor’s degree in Accounting and Auditing | Azerbaijan Cooperation University (2001 - 2005) Professional development course, Administration and support of operational systems |Bauman Moscow State Technical University (2011 -2012) ICAgile Certified Professional, Agile Project Management ICP-APM | ICAgile (2019) Kiev NT-PM101 Project Management Methodology | TechExpert (2014) Kiev  SKILLS Professional: Project & Program management, product management, Agile coaching, Scrum, Kanban, process management, portfolio management, risk management Technical: Windows Server AD, Network and Applications Infrastructure, Frontend (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) Languages: English, Russian, Turkish, Azerbaijani  HOBBIES Travelling, Football (Ajax fan), Gaming (RPG, Strategy, Football simulators)

File 76: Regina DASHKEVICH.docx
Regina DASHKEVICH CONTACT INFORMATION: +375 (29) 1000603 dashkevich.aaaaka@mail.ru LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aaaa-dashkevich-6a6995190/ Telegram: @aaaa_dashkevich   SUMMARY  I know the basics of programming in C++, C#, JavaScript; HTML and CSS. I know the main directions in IT and corresponding jobs of IT specialists, their differences in grades. I am able to use various tools for searching candidates (x-Ray, Boolean Search, etc.) and work with specialized resources, such as Linkedin, GitHab, Dribble, Behance, etc.  I also was engaged in research of the labor market in the IT field: salaries, bonuses, benefits, trends of the market.   WORK EXPERIENCE:  March 2022 – now, Sunmait Technologies, www.sunmait.com/ Lead IT-Recruiter Mentor and motivate team of recruiters Maintain day-to-day operations in accordance with the company processes Manage the end-to-end recruitment process with a team of consultants Optimize approaches and processes based on analysis, metrics, results Guide employees in professional growth and career development Approve hiring and firing requests within the department Prepare/forecast budgets, schedule expenditures, and monitor variances +Responsibilities of Senior IT-Recruiter  Accomplishments: -Conducted audit of hiring process and fixed them -Coached and mentored team members (conducted 30+ workshops and coaching sessions) -Developed KPI and bonus system and implemented it -Budgeting of the department -Entered new markets of hiring -Developed a marketing strategy from recruiting side -Implementing HR metrics  October 2021 – March 2022, Administrative Resource, www.ares.by Team Lead IT-Recruiter Mentor and motivate team of consultants Maintain orderly day-to-day operations in line with company protocol Keep abreast of market trends and provide insights to clients Participate in pre-sales activities Manage the end-to-end recruitment process with a team of consultants Manage projects on salary researches in IT Market +Responsibilities of Senior IT-Recruiter  August 2020 – October 2021, Administrative Resource, www.ares.by Senior IT-Recruiter Full-life cycle recruitment experience from sourcing to hiring (middle / senior / lead / TOP- managers); Incoming resumes analysis; Vacancies publishing; Communication with candidates; Conducting online and one-to-one interviews with candidates; Support of candidates at all stages of reviewing; International search; Dealing with different sources / social networks; Job offer formation; Checking candidates English language proficiency; Monitoring of the labor market, providing analytical and well-documented reports  August 2019 – August 2020, Administrative Resource, www.ares.by IT-Recruiter Full-life cycle recruitment experience from sourcing to hiring (middle / senior / lead / TOP- managers); Incoming resumes analysis; Vacancies publishing; Communication with candidates; Conducting online and one-to-one interviews with candidates; Support of candidates at all stages of reviewing; International search; Dealing with different sources / social networks; Job offer formation; Checking candidates English language proficiency; Monitoring of the labor market, providing analytical and well-documented reports.   EDUCATION: Belarusian State University of Informatics and Radioelectronics, 2022 Minsk State Linguistic University, 2017  ADDITIONAL EDUCATION:    

File 77: Ron Magauin.docx
Ron Magauin		Email: rassaaaagauin@gmail.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/raaaul-magauin			Mobile: +77000906101 Github: https://github.com/rasaaamagauin	Backend  Developer Education Nazarbayev University	Astana, Kazakhstan Majors in Computer Science	Aug 2021 - May 2025 Courses: Algorithms, Formal Languages, Programming Languages, Computer Systems and Organization, Performance and Data Structures Skills Summary Languages: GoLang, Python, C++, Java, C Frameworks: Gin, Gorilla Mux, revel.go, Django REST, gRPC Web Development: Backend development in GoLang with REST APIs, gRPC, and Django REST Framework. Database Management: Experience with SQLite, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and Redis. Containerization: Proficient in Docker and Kubernetes deployment on AWS. API Integration: Skilled in RPC, Protocol Buffers, and gRPC integration. Data Structures and Algorithms: Proficient in ADTs and OOP for optimized performance. Testing: Emphasis on unit testing for software reliability using gomock for mocking databases. Experience	 dev.house	Astana, Kazakhstan Backend Developer	Sep 2022 - July 2023 Developed REST API services in Golang using Gin.Used gRPC for efficient data flow and error handling. Managed Redis, NoSQL, and SQL databases, ensuring optimal performance and data persistence. Utilized Docker for application containerization, enhancing scalability and reproducibility. Ensured software reliability and stability through rigorous unit testing, leading to improved code quality. Projects SimpleBank Backend Service: Developed a comprehensive backend web service in Go for a banking system. The service provides RESTful HTTP APIs for account management, balance tracking, and money transfers between accounts. Leveraged Gin framework for API development, Docker for containerization, and Kubernetes for deployment on AWS. The project also incorporates advanced features like gRPC APIs, asynchronous processing using Redis, and security enhancements with JWT, PASETO, and user authentication. Github link Encryption Service: Developed a Go-based encryption microservice with API endpoints, logging, and instrumentation for system monitoring and debugging, designed for integration into larger systems to provide encryption as a service. Github link GRPC Project: Developed a Go-based GRPC service for managing transactions, encompassing a GRPC server and client, both designed in Go, with interfaces and message types defined via Protocol Buffers. Github link E-commerce REST API: Developed an E-commerce REST API in Go. The project includes API endpoints for managing users and orders. The data models are defined in Go. Github link Document Delivery System (Backend): Developed the backend for an electrical government project that enables users to request and deliver official documents efficiently. Implemented full CRUD operations and integrated a distance-based pricing algorithm using Django REST framework. Github link To Do Task Manager: Developed TodoWoo, a task management, using DRF. Implemented user authentication, authorization, CRUD operations for task management, and integrated with PostgreSQL for data storage. Github link Honors and Awards International Physics Olympiad (IPHO)	2020, 2019 Silver (Top 25%), Bronze (Top 25%) medals ∼350 participants European Physics Olympiad (EuPHO)	2020 Gold (Top 5%) medal ∼270 participants Asian Physics Olympiad (APHO)	2019 Bronze (Top 25%) medal and Best experimentator (Top 1%) award ∼220 participants International Zhautykov Olympiad (IZHO)	2020, 2019, 2018 Gold (Top 3%), Silver (Top 15%), Bronze (Top 30%) ∼200 participants from 20 country National Physics Olympiad	2020, 2019, 2018 Gold (Top 1%), Gold (Top 2%), Gold (Top 2%) medals ∼50 participants

File 78: Ross  Magauin.docx
Ross  Magauin		Email: raaaalmagauin@gmail.com LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/raaaal-magauin			Mobile: +77400006101 Github: https://github.com/raaaalmagauin	Backend Developer  Education  Nazarbayev University	Astana, Kazakhstan Bachelor of Science in Computer Science	Aug 2021 - Expected May 2025 Relevant Coursework: Algorithms, Formal Languages, Programming Languages, Computer Systems and Organization, Performance and Data Structures, Artificial Intelligence, Database Systems, Software Engineering.  Skills Summary  Languages: Proficient in GoLang, Python, and Java. Familiar with C++ and C. Backend & API Development: Developed RESTful services using Gin, Gorilla Mux, and Django REST Framework. Experienced with gRPC, RPC, and Protocol Buffers for microservices communication. Database Management: Proficient with relational databases (SQLite, PostgreSQL) and NoSQL solutions (MongoDB, Redis). Familiar with database indexing using B-trees and Hash Indexes. Containerization & Deployment: Containerized applications using Docker and orchestrated deployments with Kubernetes on AWS. Testing:  Prioritized unit testing for software reliability, utilizing tools like gomock for database mocking. Data Structures & Algorithms: Solid understanding of core data structures and algorithms, including Sorting, Searching, Dynamic Programming, and Graph processing. Experience  dev.house	Astana, Kazakhstan Backend Developer	Sep 2022 - July 2023 Developed REST API services in Golang using Gin and leveraged gRPC for efficient data flow and robust error handling. Managed and optimized Redis, NoSQL, and SQL databases, ensuring high performance and reliable data persistence. Containerized applications using Docker, enhancing scalability and ensuring consistent environments across deployments. Prioritized software reliability through rigorous unit testing, leading to a significant improvement in code quality and system stability.  Projects  Vehicle Management System (VMS) Backend: Led the backend development for the Vehicle Management System at Nazarbayev University using Golang. Developed robust APIs for vehicle registration, driver assignments, and real-time location updates. Managed database operations with PostgreSQL, ensuring data integrity and security. Collaborated with frontend and iOS teams for seamless integration. Implemented user authentication, optimized performance for handling over 1000 vehicles, and ensured data backup and recovery mechanisms. Technologies: Golang, PostgreSQL, Google Maps API. Github link SimpleBank Backend Service: Developed a comprehensive backend web service in Go for a banking system. The service provides RESTful HTTP APIs for account management, balance tracking, and money transfers between accounts. Leveraged Gin framework for API development, Docker for containerization, and Kubernetes for deployment on AWS. The project also incorporates advanced features like gRPC APIs, asynchronous processing using Redis, and security enhancements with JWT, PASETO, and user authentication. Github link GRPC Project: Developed a Go-based GRPC service for managing transactions, encompassing a GRPC server and client, both designed in Go, with interfaces and message types defined via Protocol Buffers. Github link E-commerce REST API: Developed an E-commerce REST API in Go. The project includes API endpoints for managing users and orders. The data models are defined in Go. Github link Document Delivery System (Backend): Developed the backend for an electrical government project that enables users to request and deliver official documents efficiently. Implemented full CRUD operations and integrated a distance-based pricing algorithm using Django REST framework. Github link Honors and Awards  International Physics Olympiad (IPHO)	2020, 2019 Silver (Top 25%), Bronze (Top 25%) medals ∼350 participants European Physics Olympiad (EuPHO)	2020 Gold (Top 5%) medal ∼270 participants Asian Physics Olympiad (APHO)	2019 Bronze (Top 25%) medal and Best experimentator (Top 1%) award ∼220 participants

File 79: Saveliiy Dovidenko.docx


File 80: Sharif Sharapov.docx
Sharif Sharapov iOS-Developer Moncton, New Brunswick	+ 1-506-000-90-75 LinkedIn Profile	sharifl.sharapov@mail.ru   Very strong interest and passion for the IT Sector and more specifically in iOS Development. Drive to keep up to date with developments and trends in the tech and modern media world; motivated by continuous learning. Ability to interpret and follow technical plans.  Highly developed communication and interpersonal skills honed through work experience in different positions. Accomplished public speaker and strong presentation skills. Excellent ability to provide information clearly and in interesting manner. Organized, self-motivated and determined to succeed.  Programming & Technical Skills Cocoa	♦	Swift	♦	Git Object-oriented design	♦	Software development	♦	Design patterns Ability in delivering clean, organized and testable code Knowledge of integrating APIs and back-end services with mobile applications  Education  iOS-Developer for Beginners, On-line Educational Platform Skillbox	2020-2021 https://skillbox.ru/course/profession-ios-developer-2021/ 30-hour course covering theories in 15 topics; each topic has a practical component with assignments and evaluations As part of the completion of the program, the final project is the development of an App. Developed an App for Personal Financial Management (completion in September 2021)  Master’s Degree in Finance and Credit, Moscow Banking Institute, Moscow, Russia	2005-2010 Canadian recognition by WES Relevant Experience Junior iOS-Developer (volunteer), Start-up in the financial sector, Moscow, Russia	May 2021 – Present Create a view element from code using SnapKit Implement a separate method for requesting the backend (REST API) Install new libraries into the project (CocoaPods) Plan work flow in Trello, and use GitHub and Figma Employment History Head of Risk Department, FinTech Bank, Moscow, Russia	2019 – 2021 Chief Specialist of Risk Department, Qiwi Bank, Moscow, Russia	2015 – 2017 Bank Analyst, Inf. Agency Banki.ru, Moscow, Russia	2010 –2014

File 81: Stas Nasonov.docx
   Technical SkillsStas Nasonov Data Engineer	st.m.nasonov@gmail.com
+79087556743 Languages: Python, SQL, Shell, Scala Databases: Postgres, Greenplum, Hadoop Technologies: Spark, Kafka, Airflow Operating Systems: Linux (Arch, Debian, Ubuntu), Windows  Previous Employment Jan RPRQ – Now	Yandex Taxi, Software Developer Integrated data warehouse with Salesforce CRM platform Wrote testing system for query-based loaders Depersonalized over QPPGB of personal data Reviewed a solution for data transfer to a remote servers Delivered new modeling features into data warehouse Developed entities in detailed data store Created analytical reports in data mart Made reports at internal meetings about new features  Mar RPRP – Dec RPRP	Severstal Digital, Data Engineer Partially refactored Python project to PostgreSQL increasing overall speed QP-fold Created a data model for CV projects in metallurgical production Migrated existing performance and metrics dashboard from Influx to InfluxR.P Designed and delivered lambda-like architecture for materials processing Implemented Airflow into data platform Tested and reviewed custom NiFi processors and controller services Successfully delivered ETL pipelines meeting deadlines  May RPQ9 – Feb RPRP	Glowbyte Consulting, Consultant Created a program for BACS log-file parsing Developed a program for extracting Impala logs to Oracle database Contributed to a wrapper for Kafka HDFS sink connector   Other Experience Aug RPRQ	Globaldatanet, Contractor Data Engineer Contributed to data model for cost optimization project Refactored stored procedure for R-fold performance gain Migrated database from Heroku to AWS

File 82: Stas Sergeev.docx
Stas Sergeev Stas@mail.ru Summary   I am an experienced Flutter developer with one and half year of expertise in developing cross- platform apps. I have a strong skill set encompassing widget building, state management, and UI/UX design. My expertise extends to integrating APIs and ensuring app performance optimization. I am dedicated to thorough testing, debugging, and maintaining to ensure high-quality development.  Technical Skills	  Professional Experience  IT Solutions Management International	Remote Work Flutter Developer	August 2023 – September 2023  Developed a cross-platform open source messenger in collaboration with a team of six people to define features and enhance the user experience Enhanced the app by incorporating new features, which involved writing unit, widget, and end-to-end tests, adding animations of varying complexity, implementation of essential business logic and fixing bugs Participated in the app design process to ensure a user-friendly and visually appealing product Engaged in code review processes and employed Git version control for code  Wordly Games	Remote Work Flutter Developer	March 2023 – July 2023  Developed and maintained gaming app for guessing words, for both Android and iOS platforms, ensuring compatibility and optimal performance Collaborated with team of five people to define application features, functionalities, and user experience Implemented deep link integration, added appropriate routing logic to ensure the app correctly handled deep link navigation Participated in code reviews and Utilized Git version control for code Implemented pixel-perfect screens designed on Figma Optimized gaming experience by improving logic in different sections of play  Freelance	Remote Work Flutter freelance orders	December 2022 – February 2023  Worked with RESTful APIs and integrated data from various sources Fixed exceptions related to type of variable Solved issues regarding to layout overflow Improved performance of the apps Handled issues with correct display of localization Education 

File 83: Timofey Makarov.docx
    Experience Timofey Makarov makarov67@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/makarov567 | github.com/makarov567  Senior  Frontend  Engineer	Mar 2019 – Present Joom	Moscow, Russia Improved scalability of the component libraries by combining multiple storybooks from different frontend projects into one application and publishing it on a private network. Collaborated with backend engineer to develop an admin panel for a new project. Successfully migrated a codebase with over 100 pages to React and TypeScript with co-workers. Built a full stack web application from scratch using React, NodeJS, MongoDB, Docker, which represented the office map which most of the company employees currently use. Reduced initial application size by 35% by splitting the monolith bundle into separate chunks. Improved the accuracy of understanding the user experience by introducing a new analytical tool. Implemented several complex libraries and UI components like CSV parser, storage manager, image cropping component, drag and drop functionality, dynamic form creation to name a few. Created text formatting guidelines for 5 languages, which reduced the number of incorrect translations for complex templates. Frontend  Engineer	Sep 2018 – Mar 2019 Kvint	Yekaterinburg, Russia Developed a client-side engine for building interactive dialogues for voice robot, which reduced the time required to create a dialogue by 80%. Implemented modification of the dialogue in real time by implementing Web Socket communication between the client and the server. This process successfully allowed several people to work concurrently without losing any data.  Frontend  Engineer	Jun 2018 – Sep 2018 Umka	Yekaterinburg, Russia Implemented loading various resources into S3 bucket. Collaborated with designer to develop complex web user interface using React, Styled Components and GraphQL. Frontend Engineer	Oct 2017 – Apr 2018 Naumen	Yekaterinburg,  Russia Taught myself Angular in a few days and built an adaptive application for searching through documents from scratch. Redesigned the web application using HTML5 and CSS3. Technical Skills  Languages:  TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML/CSS. Technologies: React, Redux, Mobx, GraphQL, NodeJS, Express, Webpack, Yarn, Jenkins, Docker, Git, Jest.  Projects Travel startup | React, Mobx, Styled Components, Webpack, Flow	2017 – 2019 Developed a web application for a travel startup from scratch, designed data structures and API endpoints. Developed real-time data flow with Web Socket. Education  Bachelor’s degree, Mathematics and Computer Science	Yekaterinburg Ural State University named after A.M.Gorky	2014 – 2018

File 84: Vadim Sosnov.docx
Vadim Sosnov vadsosnov200@gmail.com +48 57 138 00 02    Front-end Developer  I like to create beautiful and user­friendly interfaces and learn something new. I’m open to learn new technologies about the stack, but prefer to develop with modern technologies such as Vue.js, React.js, etc. I'm able to complete duties on time while maintaining a high­quality service. Good team player with excellent communication skills.  Technical Skills  Front-end: JavaScript(ES6, TypeScript), Vue.js(Nuxt, Vuex, Vuetify), HTML5, CSS(Sass/Less, Tailwind, Bootstrap), Chart.js, Storybook, REST API, Git, Gulp, Webpack; CMS: WordPress, Wix; Other: C++(basics), SQL Server, MongoDB, Firebase, Linux, VS Code, Figma, Zeplin, SCRUM (Jira, Bitbucket, Bamboo, GilLab).  Professional Experience  Group BWT, Zaporizhia, Ukraine Front-end Developer (11/2020 — present) Technologies: Vue.js(Vuex/Vuetify), TypeScript, Chart.js, Jest, Storybook, CSS, HTML5. Key Achievements: implemented storybook for all components.  YouTeam, Lviv, Ukraine Front-end and Wordpress Developer (06/2019 — 11/2020) Technologies: Vue.js(Vuex/Vuetify), TypeScript, CSS, HTML5, WordPress. Key Achievements: participating in fast­growing startup product creation; launching more than 9 Product Hunts that occupied the top 3 positions; developed analytics that allows you to monitor the clicks of the platform and at the same time increase the conversion by 3 times; SEO optimizations.  Education  Bachelor of Computer Science (2019 ­ present) Andrzej Frycz Modrzewski Krakow University, Krakow, Poland  Junior Specialist of Computer systems and networks (2015­2019) Novorozdilskyy Polytechnic College, Lviv, Ukraine

File 85: Vadim Traigel.docx
Vadim Traigel Moscow, RU ⧫ gtc.12356@gmail.com ⧫ +79773330008   Software Developer High-Performance Applications ⧫ Optimizing and Integration ⧫ Full-Stack Developer Web developer valued for driving quality and consistency throughout all phases of software development projects. Team with developers, analysts, QA and support engineers throughout the product lifecycle to produce high-quality, user-friendly, scalable and bug-free web platforms. Technical proficiencies: Python, Django, PHP, Node.JS, Vue.JS, VueX, REST, Sockets, Multithreading, Unit Testing MySQL, Postgres, MongoDB, Memcached, Redis, Celery  Software Engineering Skills    −	Solutions Engineering, Testing & Optimization −	Planning and implementing data storage solutions −	Implementing security and data protection −	Optimizing applications for maximum performance and scalability −	Creating new and innovative solutions to meet business needs −	Object-Oriented Methodologies    Professional Experience TEAM LEADER, FULLSTACK DEVELOPER, 06/2019 to Present ⧫ Least.sale – Moscow, RU Frontend: Vue.js + VueX, Stylus, Bootstrap Backend: PHP, Node.js, MySQL, MongoDB (3 hosts, replica set). Bull and Redis. PM2 (8 process cluster). MochaJS for testing, CI/CD with GitLab CI. −	Start to work in this company when it was 3 men and rise it to over 20 people. −	Writing new version on Node.JS and make it work with legacy PHP version −	Integrate foreign services to the project to make experience and usage better −	Develop close-knit team that make all the busyness wishes come true.  FULLSTACK DEVELOPER, 10/2018 to 06/2019 ⧫ Phenom Team – Moscow, RU Frontend: Vue.js + VueX, Pug, SASS, Bootstrap Backend: Python, Django. Postgres + MongoDB. Celery and Redis. Pipenv virtual environment. CI/CD with Ansible −	Highly involved in the crypto exchange project. −	Architect backend application for Binance Hackathon in Singapore 19-20 Jan 2019. (Finalists) −	Engineered software release for speed and improved the user experience. −	Mastering exchange logic for deposit and withdrawal crypto.  TEAM LEADER, FULLSTACK DEVELOPER, 8/2017 to 10/2018 ⧫ WhenSpeak – Moscow, RU Frontend: Angular 2, Vue.JS + VueX, SASS, Gulp Backend: PHP Yii2, Node.JS, WebSocket, Socket.io, WebRTC, HLS, MySQL  −	Start to collaborate with such companies as Sberbank, Teva, Abbott −	Integrate WhenSpeak platform with Abbott Education System to provide cutting edge technologies in education −	Develop and support streaming server with WebRTC and HLS to deliver low time latency video −	Creating new testing system with advanced results providing −	Adhered to high-quality development standards while delivering solutions on-time FULLSTACK DEVELOPER, 8/2016 to 8/2017 ⧫ Reikartz – Moscow, RU Python, Django CMS, SASS, Twig, Bootstrap, MySQL, Git −	Rebuild websites from Joomla to Django −	Integrate rent API to the new sites −	Optimizing server performance −	Integrate caching for maximum performance  FULLSTACK DEVELOPER, 3/2015 to 8/2016 ⧫ MitLabs – Voronezh, RU Joomla, Wordpress, Magento, Twig, Bootstrap, MySQL, Git −	Developing websites using Joomla and Wordpress −	2 huge projects of e-commerce, based on Magento CMS −	SVN and Git as version controls system −	Integration outer services through REST and SOAP  2ND LINE SQL SUPPORT, TEAM LEADER, JUNIOR DEVELOPER, 9/2013 to 3/2015 AtConsulting – Voronezh, RU −	Oracle SQL and Linux 2nd line support −	PL/SQL scripts −	Develop, test and deploy updates for high loaded service −	4 month experience of team leading    Education & Certifications  Master's degree, Computers, complexes, systems, networks ⧫ International Institute of Computer Technology (IICT), Voronezh, RU Certifications: Go: The Complete Developer's Guide (Udemy) Nuxt.js - Vue.js on steroids (Udemy)

File 86: Valera Yeliesichev.docx
Valera Yeliesichev 250-000-8913 | toaaaque@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/anatoly-eleaaahev/ | Portfolio | Creston, BC, Canada  Summary UI/UX Designer with 4+ years of experience developing digital design solutions for responsive web and mobile applications. Expertise in landing pages, six-time #madeontilda award recipient for modern design showcase. No-code developer with knowledge in HTML, CSS. Experience UI/UX  Designer	September 2022 – February 2023 1A Auto	USA, Remote Restructured core design system, reducing development costs by 30% through the use of custom components Managed design and development teams, introducing a design-review process that that boosted overall productivity by an impressive 70%, along with a substantial reduction in bugs Collaborated with product managers, front-end developers, and the marketing team, optimizing the Product Detail Page to achieve a 20% increase in user engagement, which led to a 15% boost in sales conversions. Conducted comprehensive demo presentations for product owners, utilizing Figma prototypes to illustrate design concepts and functionality, facilitating informed decision-making. UI/UX  Designer	March 2021 – March 2022 Shelter PMS	Moscow, Russia Designed an internal app for mobile and web for hotel guests, achieving a 25% improvement in overall guest engagement, significantly enhancing the hotel’s digital guest experience. As the designer and developer, I created a captivating promo landing page for a new product launch, earning a #madeontilda award achieving a substantial boost in user engagement and sales Created a successful commercial offer template that played a key role in selling our products to major market players, leading to notable sales growth Revamped the social media visual keycode, boosting awareness and creating a more impactful online presence Improved email engagement by implementing a compelling style leading to a 10% increase in open rates, a 15% rise in click-through rates, and a 20% improvement in overall email interaction. UI/UX  Designer	April 2017 – June 2020 Sape	Moscow, Russia Single-handedly revamped the web and mobile interface for a critical product, contributing to a significant 20% rise in daily active users and a substantial 25% boost in average session duration. Led and finalized designs for 10+ projects, delivering over 100 unique screens. Played a key role in driving refinements and successfully introduced a comprehensive design system. Developed dynamic promotional materials for social networks, resulting in a 20% rise in audience engagement and notable brand expansion Education V.I. Vernadsky Taurida National University	Kyiv, Ukraine Bachelor’s Degree in Philology (French Translator)	September 2013 – June 2018 Skills Digital Product Design, User Experience (UX), User Interface (UI), Web Design, iOS Design, Material Design, Wireframing & Rapid Prototyping, Design Concepts, Design Systems, Design Sprints, Figma & Adobe Apps, Framer, AB-testing, Pro-Activity, Collaborating, Communication, Self-Driving, Understanding Engineering Requirements Languages English: Upper Intermediate (B2) French: Upper Intermediate (B2) Romanian: Native Ukrainian: Lower Elementary (A2) Russian: Native

File 87: Vera Pugacheva.docx
 linkedin.com/in/avrsa-pugacheva (+36) 2000077 9923 Vera Pugacheva Senior Data Scientist   aaaaapugacheva@ya.ru   Data Scientist with 5+ years of experience in Machine Learning development for various projects in banking, telecommunication, and marketing areas. I have a proven track record of leading and managing a team of 4 professionals, including Data Scientists and Data Engineers. I possess a strong ability to communicate effectively with both business stakeholders and development teams, honed through my experience working as an ML engineer in consulting. My current responsibilities include leading a team of 4 individuals, which comprises Data Scientists and Data Engineers. My role encompasses task assignment, prioritization, conducting code reviews, and establishing streamlined intra-team processes. SKILLS Programming	Python, R, SQL, Git, Bash, Apache Airflow Quantitative Research	Machine Learning, Mathematical statistics, Mathematical optimization, A/B testing, hypothesis testing Domain Knowledge	Pricing optimization, Marketing optimization, Supply Chain Finance, Next Best Action, Credit Risks Databases	HDFS, Google bigQuery, PostgreSQL, Oracle Database, PL/SQL Data science toolkits	Pandas, Polars, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow, Keras, PyTorch, Numpy, Catboost Visualization Tools	Plotly, matplotlib, Seaborn, basic RShiny HIGHLIGHTED TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE Senior Data Scientist -> Data Science Team Lead / Online banking marketplace	Nov 2021 — Present Built an anti-fraud ML model tailored for detecting spurious clients reviews, subsequently packaging it as a service. The implementation of this pipeline within our business processes resulted in 20% reduction in the workload of the moderation team. Implemented a Machine Learning approach for managing a Google Ads budget. As a result, costs for treated traffic streams were reduced by up to 15% while the conversion rate remained the same. Developed a framework for selecting the best retention marketing channel, leading to an increase in overall conversion rates by 10% and cost savings of 20%.  Data Scientist / Glowbyte Consulting LLC	Jan 2019 — Oct 2021 Project: Implemented Value-Based Pricing framework for credit offering in AlfaBank (Russian Bank TOP-10). The solution consisted of ML models and decision-making engine, and was required to cover over 3 million loan offers monthly. Project: Developed Next Best Action framework for managing both revenue and risks of personal marketing communications in Megafon (a Russian major telecommunication company). Covering marketing campaigns above 17 million monthly users. The treatment group turned out to be 20-30% more profitable than the control group. Project: Built a model for credit risk estimating based on the Supply Chain Finance (SCF) approach for Otkritie Bank. The implementation provided an assessment of the large and medium-sized businesses. Project: Developed an Exposure At Default (EAD) risk model. Junior Data Scientist / Dentsu Aegis Network	Aug 2018 — Jan 2019 Developed 5+ forecasting systems of seasonal sales for advertisement holdings. EDUCATION Specialist Degree in Computer Science, National Research Nuclear University MEPHI - Moscow Engineering Physics Institute, Russia Additional course: Machine learning and data analysis, MIPT & Yandex at Coursera.org PUBLICATIONS ENG: ML&DS shades of Credit Risk Management. Part I. RU: ML&DS shades of Credit Risk Management. Exposure at default RU: Machine learning in banking pricing. VBP PROFESSIONAL ACTIVITIES Conducting public talks about the business application of Machine Learning. Engaged in 1:1 mentorship with a junior teammate, helping develop technical skills such as SQL and Python, as well as systems design and OOP. Developed library and visualization tool for building ML models and evaluating the impact of manually quantized predictors. Launching and leading this project with junior and mid-level coworkers as a side-project that eventually became part of the company-wide ModelOps solution.

File 88: Victor Babenko.docx
Victor Babenko | FRONT-END DEVELOPER Berlin, Germany | +49 000 4255723 | a.baaanko.e@gmail.com   EXPERIENCE Shoop Germany GmbH Front-End Developer (Angular, Ionic)   Berlin, Germany August 2020 – Present   Currently, I am working as a part of the Core Development Team, participating in the development of Web Application, Ionic Mobile Application, and Support System. Implement complex features as Two-Factor-Auth, Onboarding Flow, Support Ticket System Increased E2E and Unit tests coverage by 25% Migrated apps to the strict mode, that improved DX and project’s overall reliability Participated in constant project’s architecture refactoring Responsible for making releases, including App Store and Google Play   Shiji Deutschland GmbH Front-End Developer & Report Engine Expert (ReactJS, EmberJS, AngularJS) Berlin, Germany May 2018 – August 2020   Worked on the development of one of the biggest Property Management Systems for the European market. Worked as Leading Front-End Developer in the Integration and Reporting teams. Developed an architecture, initiated and maintained dedicated Micro Front-End Module Conducted many workshops and onboarding sessions Maintained project’s web-components base Closely collaborated with other teams, participated in app’s architecture decision making Analytics Report Writing using Stimulsoft Report Engine and PostgreSQL EXPERIENCE (continued) Skynix LLC Front-End Developer (AngularJS, ReactJS)   Kyiv, Ukraine October 2017 – May 2018   Worked on several projects in the medical sphere. Developed and maintained many SPA projects from scratch SPA performance optimization Designed complex JavaScript animations Wrote technical articles for the corporate blog   ModXart Front-End Developer Kyiv, Ukraine December 2016 – October 2017   Worked on the development of different websites and SPAs. Designed UI plugins Optimized websites performance Designed various messenger bots  EDUCATION Industrial Economic College of National Aviation University  Associate's degree in Electronics Engineering and Computer Science   Kyiv, Ukraine 2013 – 2017

File 89: Viktor Gavrilov.docx
Viktor Gavrilov Montreal, Canada	Email :  gavrilov_vikkk@gmail.com Mobile : +1-438-000-7854	  Experience  Ubisoft	Montreal, Canada Online Developer	Sep 2019 - Present Development and operations (DevOps) of Cloud-Native backend RESTful web services on AWS that scale in the cloud and that are hit by millions of users every day (hundreds of thousands of concurrent users per service). From API Design, Implementation, Continuous Delivery and Maintenance to Support. Working with multiple distant teams to achieve a common goal. Reduced legacy codebase by 20% by migrating old monolithic core service to run in the cloud. Built an internal tool about shadow-testing that reduced the number of production issues. (C#, Python ) Experienced with resource provisioning on AWS using different techniques, including Cloud Formation Template and Troposphere/Sceptre. Developed tooling that handles accounts data migration from MSSQL to AWS Aurora, which lead to saving at least 30 minutes/day per team member. (Python, Bash, AWS) Contractor	Munich, Germany Lead Software Engineer	2018 - 2019 Development backend RESTful web service of a fitness class booking system in Go. Took ownership of a project shortly before the release and managed to meet all the deadlines. Experienced with Docker, and multiple databases, including MongoDB (On Prem  and  DigitalOcean),  PostgreSQL,  from  the  development and performance optimization to operations. Experienced with payment workflows using Stripe as well as client passport implementation. (Go, PostgresSQL, JavaScript) Experienced with ethereum blockchain network, developing smart contracts using Solidity for insurance policy contracts. Singly developed from scratch a full working Go based a low latency/high throughput web-chat on top of gorilla-WebSockets decorated with a distributed cache layer for read heavy parts. (Go, PostgreSQL, Redis) AutoScout24	Munich, Germany Senior Software Engineer	Oct 2018 - Sep 2019 Development of backend event-driven microservices on top of Scala, Akka and Kafka and that are hit by millions of users every day across Europe (hundreds of thousands of concurrent users per service). Created CI/CD workflow utilizing Python, Shell, on top of Jenkins. (Scala, Bash, AWS, Kafka) Reduced legacy codebase by 30% by migrating old monolithic web service to event-driven microservice architecture on top of Scala, Akka, and Kafka. Improved availability by introducing monitoring  and alerting solutions with DataDog and OpsGenie. Reduced amortization cost of AWS infrastructure by implementing a separate Kafka processor that is responsible for soft-cleanup of the orphan images. (Scala, Kafka, S3, DynamoDb) Implemented tooling that handles AWS scenarios (SSM parameters, assuming roles, etc.) which lead to saving at least an hour/week per team member. (Bash, Go, AWS) Carl Zeiss Microscopy GmbH	Munich, Germany Software Engineer B	Apr 2017 - Sep 2018 Helped and onboarded new hires, created short-term, and long-term goals and supported them along the way Improved fail-safe by fixing memory leaks causing the crash of the software while trying to import high-resolution snaps.  Reduced time needed to finalize an experiment by introducing a digital signature lead to saving time for inter-department communication.(Python, C#) Fixed more than 25 bugs over a year timeframe while analyzing the Carl Zeiss image segmentation and reporting engine. Migrated legacy grain segmentation algorithm into the new modern technologies. (C++) Congree Language Technologies GmbH	Karlsbad, Germany Software Developer	Apr 2014 - Mar 2017 Achieved at least 30% code quality improvement by integrating a static-code analyzer with SonarQube.  Accomplished scalability and fail-safe improvement by implementing a thin REST layer on top of language-check service. Improved performance by at least 40% by adding a cache  layer  for  read-heavy  parts of the system.(Java, C#) Speed up document check by 15 % by implementing a new Congree API and migrating all the existing editor-plugins to it. (Java, C#, C++) Developed robust tooling that handles many test scenarios & enables automated deployment in test env, reducing time-to-test from weeks to days (JavaScript, Java, Vmware vSphere). Reduced deployment time by almost 80% by implementing a distributed deployment system, leading to saving 30% of time spent by solution specialists on the customer side. (JavaScript, C#) Andera, Inc.	Providence, RI, USA Software Developer - remotely from Russia	Jun 2011 - May 2013 Bulk rates processing and import tool from CSV to Oracle and provides command interface on top for scheduling data processing. Also created a strategy for saving rates history to FTP and SFTP servers. (C#) Web application used by online account opening system for financial institutions.Involved in features such as delivery time optimization, tracking, queuing, and testing. Designed and implemented an overview dashboard for the multi-branch financial institutions. (JavaScript)  Education  Tomsk Polytechnic University Master of Science in Computer Science Tomsk Polytechnic University Bachelor of Science in Computer Science SIDE PROJECTS  gochat (in progress)	Golang based web-chat on top of gorilla-websockets decorated with a cache layer (Go, Redis, PostgresSQL, gRPC)

File 90: Viktor Portianka.docx
Viktor Portianka Software Engineer E-mail: portyanka.viiik@gmail.com	  Software engineers aim at a business experience result, maintainability of the codebase and high performance, to give users the best. Good team player, like to help and ready for constructive criticism, because this is the best way to create a successful product. Ready to learn new and happy to help others to learn. Aimed to understand the full business flow. Experience  10/2019 to current	Software Engineer Skycell AG - Zurich, Switzerland Performed deep refactoring of the application, which decreased the time of feature creation 4 times. Defined code styles, set linter, and provided a code review process that significantly increased code quality and application reliability. Proposed and implemented a GitLab commit pipeline to prevent merging of code with styling errors or broken tests. Implemented visual regression testing of the application. Mentored junior developers and teammates in React and development processes. 01/2018 to 08/2019	Software Engineer Ciklum - Kyiv, Ukraine. Developed the solution on how to increase test coverage. Made a workshop "how to write testable code with react". Increased performance of the team by and code readability by defining code styles and adding code linters. Improved error handling in the application by the component that handles this automatically. 04/2017 to 12/2017	Software Engineer Innovecs - Kyiv, Ukraine Created MVP of the video streaming service to connect doctors and patients in three months. Designed and implemented application front-end infrastructure, defined code styles, and new feature release processes. Which made implementing new features reliable.  Onboarded front-end team (interviewed candidates and mentored new teammates). Integrated third-party WebRTC SDK, implemented wrapper to use SDK, and created documentation for the wrapper. 02/2016 to 04/2017	Software Engineer DataArt - Dnipro, Ukraine Improved way of handling API calls, defined a way to use redux-saga and created a small workshop for teammates. Fixed problems with performance on displaying a huge amount of data. Onboarding and mentoring junior developers.   04/2014 to 02/2016	Web Developer Freelance Created real-time graphics with React. Created an interactive lesson of biology, that gave the ability for students to dissect a frog. Created layout for the 3D panorama player using HTML/CSS.  Education  Master of Computer Science, Dnipro National University of O.Honchar   Skills Web-based software engineering Advanced problem-solving skills New employee mentoring Business analysis   JavaScript (React, React-native, Node.js, GraphQL),Webpack, gulp Golang, Java, C++ PostgreSQL, MongoDB Docker, docker-compose

File 91: Vladimir Slutskii.docx
Software Engineer Vladimir Slutskii maalutskiy@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/aalutskii | Munich, Germany  Summary  Backend Software Engineer with 2.5+ YoE in software development with experience in research.  Technical Skills  Languages: C++ (stl, OpenMP), Python, Matlab Developer Tools: Git, Linux  Experience  Software  Engineer  (R&D)	11/2020 - 05/2021 Align Technology · link · the  largest manufacturer of 3D digital solutions in orthodontics. Proposed and implemented features included in a launch of a new orthodontic product; Increased rate of successful orthodontic treatment by 4% by improving geometric algorithms; Consulted a team of 3 bio-mechanics on optimization problems; Conducted code review and provided unit testing for legacy code to maintain code quality; Had to resign because of relocation to Germany. Research  engineer	08/2018 - 06/2020 Landau Institute for Theoretical Physics · link Implemented numerical simulations for various models of quantum physics; Co-authored an article about quantum algorithms. Research  engineer	02/2018 - 06/2018 Higher School of Economics · link Optimized algorithms for simulating physical processes on large space and created a multi-thread program for corresponding computations; Publicized an article on the related theme.  Education  Higher School of Economics · link	MSc,   Computer   Science QS World University Rankings: top 100 in Mathematics, top 200 in Computer Science	2018 - 2020 Higher School of Economics · link	BSc,  Applied  Mathematics Key courses: algorithms, C++, numerical methods, parallel programming	2014 - 2018  Publications  Slutskii, Mikhail, et al. ”Analog nature of quantum adiabatic unstructured search.” New Journal of Physics 21.11 (2019): 113025. Slutskii, M. G., L. Yu Barash, and Yu Yu Tarasevich. ”Percolation and jamming of random sequential adsorption samples of large linear k-mers on a square lattice.” Physical Review E 98.6 (2018): 062130;

File 92: Vladislav Zakharchenko.docx
Vladislav Zakharchenko Vancouver, BC, Canada +1-672-000-2033 | aaaaey.zakharchenko@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/caass Summary  Seasoned professional with two decades of experience, driven by unwavering passion for software development Experience Staff Engineer, Senior Software Engineer	Jun 2022 – Present Bitso SAPI de CV – The first crypto unicorn in Latin America	Remote Led development of Clearing Service resulting in 31% increase of trading engine overall throughput Developed a reliable queue library on top of Redis Streams which is used in other trading engine services resulting in significant development time decrease for other services. Blog post pending Identified a bottleneck and implemented the solution to get rid of distributed locking in balance updates resulting in 70% throughput increase Mentored team members in pilot mentoring program resulting in several tangible improvements in mentee’s next cycle 360 review Principal Engineer, Software Architect	Apr 2016 – Jun 2022 Crossover for Work – Top 1% of global remote talent	Remote Led WorkSmart NextGen project leveraging AWS data processing and analysis stack that provided regular insights of employees performance and fraud risk, resulting in a several dozens proven cases of fraud identified Identified and fixed a bug in a legacy telecom codebase of fearful quality, saving 0.2M$ of customers annual revenue Enhanced code delivery pipeline for AntiPatterns project resulting in several months of zero-failure weekly production deliveries Senior Software Engineer	May 2021 – Aug 2021 GoodIt.Works – We launch startups	Remote, part-time Developed a triangular arbitrage bot MVP and potential profitability chain analysis for intra-Binance trading. https://github.com/ululam/patron-arby/blob/main/notebooks/arbydol.ipynb Senior QA Automation Engineer	Feb 2015 – Jan 2016 Incryptex – Digital currency marketplace	Remote Created automated testing harness for integration and performance testing based on production data, leading to two times faster feature deliveries Senior Software Engineer	Jan 2013 – Feb 2015 AlphaOpen – Digital Ecosystems	Moscow, RU Conducted a comprehensive back-end redesign, resulting in a 10x increase in write throughput Developed a novel approach to event processing, increasing the system’s overall performance to a peak of 1 million events per second Established an automated testing pipeline, reducing the overall QA cycle time by approximately 30%. Software Engineer, Architect, Lead Engineer, CTO, Self-Employed	1999 – 2013 Wygee, Reaxion, Luxoft, INCOM, RPC Overseas, CyberVision Education Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology	Moscow, RU Master of Science in Computer Science	Sep 1996 – June 2001 MIRBIS Moscow International Business School	Moscow, RU MBA	Sep 2005 – Feb 2008 Technical Skills Languages: Java, Python, SQL, JavaScript, TypeScript, PHP Cloud: AWS S3, EC2, SNS/SQS, ECR/ECS/Fargate, Kinesis Firehose/Streams, RDS/Aurora, DynamoDB, CloudWatch, Glue ETL, Step Functions/Lambdas, SageMaker, Comprehend, Rekognition, RedShift, QuickSight, ELB Other Tools: Git, Docker, k8s, Spock/JUnit, Spring/Micronaut, PostgreSQL, mysql, k6, Splunk, Datadog, Jupyter Certifications: AWS Certified Solutions Architect, AWS Certified Machine Learning - Speciality

File 93: VLAD KUTUZOV.docx
VLAD KUTUZOV ML engineer kutuzov.vl@phystech.edu	+7 903 000 7778  EXPERIENCE	 ML/C++-developer Yandex, Geosearch quality team   July 2023 - Present time	Moscow Reduced the number of empty search results in Kazakhstan by 11% without a drop in other geosearch metrics Increased the geowizard’s integral surplus by 5% in Kazakhstan Fixed big windows on rubric search queries in Dubai Created new L2 geosearch ranking formula which improved in-window recall in Dubai from 0.69 to 0.83 Analyst Yandex, Taxi safety team   January 2023 - July 2023	Moscow Created algorithm for road accidents identiﬁcation with 0.8 ROC-AUC instead of 0.75 ROC-AUC of previous model Researcher Huawei Moscow Research Center, Math Modelling Lab   August 2022 - June 2023	Moscow Created algorithm for WiFi sensing scenarios identiﬁcation with 0.99 f1 for NLOS class and > 0.9 f1 for dynamic and station mobility classes Data Scientist Demis Group   June 2021 - December 2021	Moscow Developed a generator of search engine-relevant headers for websites based on GPT-3 and an evolutionary algorithm Developed an algorithm for searching for words that improve or decrease the site’s position in search engines ACHIEVEMENTS   Digital pharmacology hack, solo ﬁrst place Moscow Math Olympiad, 3rd place Placed in top 11% in Feedback Prize Kaggle Competition Won three "Skills of the future" hackathons in a row Digital League AI Challenge, Army 2021 forum, third place Robomasters Youth Championship, winner of the All-Russian stage  PAPERS	 Implicitly normalized forecaster with clipping for linear and non-linear heavy-tailed multi-armed bandits, May 2023 Breaking the Heavy-Tailed Noise Barrier in Stochastic Optimization Problems, November 2023    EDUCATION	 Bachelor’s degree in Applied Math & Computer Science Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology   August 2021 – May 2025 Neuroscience Summer School Institute of Theoretical and Experimental Biophysics   August 2022, August 2023 Programmed mathematical models of brain neural networks activity Analyzed brain activity data to conﬁrm existing neuroscience hypotheses Scientiﬁc and practical intensive on reproduction of state-of-the-art scientiﬁc results Sirius University, Yandex   October 2023 Conducted experiments with new methods for decentralized non-smooth optimization SIDE PROJECTS	 Zero-shot recommendation system Ama Ready Startup   October 2020 - January 2021 Developed zero-shot recommendation system based on variational autoencoder and pseudorandom graph. Participated in the development of a Facebook bot Bioinformatics project Novel Software Systems   November 2021	Remote Developed an algorithm for amino-acids embeddings aggregation 

File 94: Vladyslav Tyshchenko.docx
Vladyslav Tyshchenko Sergey@gmail.com | +1 (587) 000-7226 | linkedin.com/in/vlaaaysh  Education Taras Shevchenko National University of Kyiv	Sep 2019 – Jun 2023 Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Minor in Data Analytics		Kyiv, Ukraine  Skills Programming Languages: Python, C++, SQL, HTML, CSS Libraries: Flask, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Plotly, Scikit-learn, TensorFlow Tools: MS SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Tableau, Power BI, Excel, LibreOffice, VMware Workstation, Linux Languages: English (Upper Intermediate), Ukrainian (Native), Russian (Fluent)  Experience Blockchain Analyst	Jan 2022 – Sep 2022 Hedge fund	moscow Conducted extensive research on blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies, and decentralized protocols across various blockchain platforms. Prepared research reports summarizing the findings and presented them to the team. Managed Linux virtual machines using VMware Workstation, ensuring smooth operations through routine snapshots and adherence to documentation. Explored trading technologies and analyzed a range of indicators to identify cryptocurrency market correlations. Developed new databases and optimized the process of automatically populating cryptocurrency price data directly from the blockchain, utilizing Python and the GraphQL API in conjunction with The Graph protocol. Utilized Python, Excel and Google Sheets for data analysis, reporting, and updates. Junior Data Analyst	Aug 2021 - Dec 2021 Coral Travel	moscow Collaborated closely with the analytics and sales teams, providing them with up-to-date and processed data. Executed SQL queries to extract, manipulate, and analyze large datasets, contributing to the optimization of database performance. Processed, formatted, and automated data using Excel to further adjust service prices. Compiled reports, identified areas for improvement, and made suggestions based on findings.  Courses Intermediate SQL – Calgary Public Library (Issued Oct 2023) Python 3 Programming – Calgary Public Library (Issued Aug 2023)

File 95: Yuriy SHAKIRBEKOV.docx
Yuriy SHAKIRBEKOV shakirbekovyyyy@gmail.com | +1 469 748  1111 EDUCATION  Al-Farabi Kazakh National University Bachelor of Science, Computer Science   Expected May 2021 GPA: 3.4/4.0  Relevant coursework: Algorithms and Data Structures, Computer Architecture, Intro to Artificial Intelligence, Introduction to CS, Database Systems, Design and Analysis of Algorithms , Object-Oriented Programming, Programming Languages and Compilers, Principles of Data Science, Discrete Math, Calculus I, Linear Algebra  EXPERIENCE Backend Developer (Freelancer)	Dec 2019 - Present Almaty, Kazakhstan Successfully migrated code from PHP with MySQL to Django for a new web application Worked closely with clients to collect requirements and ensure project high quality Developed and maintained different web application programs   Azmiut Sol., Front End Developer Intern (offered a part-time position after internship) Almaty, Kazakhstan Implemented web design and development principles to build stable software Tested application to identify bugs and technical issues before and after deploying Built stable and maintainable codebases using Angular, VueJS also integrated Telegram API’s Jun 2019 - May 2020  Implemented new features, functionality and capabilities on the eCommerce sites using Javascript, Ajax, CSS, JSON  Al-Farabi Kazakh National University, Software Engineering Intern	Dec 2018 - Feb 2019 Almaty, Kazakhstan Created a database app for construction industry products, and also created landing pages from different layouts Created Web application by using HTML5, JavaScript, and JQuery that provides solution for issues of the company Worked with Microsoft SQL Server technology and how to administer, create, upgrade, maintain, STIG, and customize manually and using SQL Queries Implemented products on the site using a database in PHP MySQL  PROJECTS Braun Tau Successfully developed and published an adaptive website for a construction company Produced websites compatible with different type of devices Made a convenient and intuitive interface  Coffee Boom Participated in the development and played one of the main roles Created one of the interface options of web application that was used for the final release  SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS Programming Languages: Javascript, Java, C, C++, Python, SQL, HTML/CSS, C#, PHP Frameworks/Tools: Bootstrap, Git, React, VueJS, Angular, Django, MongoDB, NodeJS, REST API, Ajax, JQuery Certifications: Coursera | Crash Course on Python, Coursera | Advanced Styling with Responsive Design, Coursera | Interactivity with JavaScript  HONORS & AWARDS Government Scholar: Awarded scholarship from the government for passing the unified national test for one of the highest score in country ACM Olympic team: Participant in different programming competitions domestically

File 96: ZAKHAR LOPTEV.docx
ZAKHAR LOPTEV  EDUCATION Higher  School  of  Economics	Sep 2019 – Expected Jun 2023 Bachelor in Applied Mathematics and Information Science GPA: 9.11/10.0 SKILLS Programming  Languages	C/C++, Python, Bash, Assembler Technologies	Linux, Windows, Cygwin, WSL, Git, GitHub/GitLab, vim, gdb/pdb, tmux, LaTeX, Markdown, Tcl/Tk, Make, numpy, matplotlib, pandas  WORK EXPERIENCE Software Engineering Intern	Jul 2020 – Sep 2020 Huawei	Moscow, Russia Made an OS performance analysis system available for over 400 Windows-using colleagues by porting it from Linux to Windows using Cygwin, Bash and Python. Taught myself Tcl/Tk in a few days and reduced time for visualizing OS performance analysis by 80% by implementing a GUI using Python and Tkinter library. Python Developer	Jun 2018 – Aug 2018 SamExpress	Samara, Russia Reduced time for searching applications on a website by 2 man-hours a day by implementing a script using Python with Selenium and SMTP libraries. Created a program making a raw Excel document readable using Python and xlrd, xlwt, xlutils libraries. TEACHING EXPERIENCE Linear  Algebra  Teaching  Assistant	Sep 2020 – Jun 2021 Higher School of Economics	Moscow, Russia Checked homeworks, conducted weekly consultations, took exams and colloquiums. Generated homework variants using Python with numpy, sympy, latex and other libraries. Algorithms  Teaching  Assistant	Aug 2019 Summer Informatics School	Laagna, Estonia Developed front-end for a sports website using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript. PROJECTS External Sorting.  Implemented external sorting (the algorithms splits all input into blocks, sorts them sepa- rately, and then ends up with a sorted array by recursively merging K array’s segments) using C++. Time Series Forecast.  Taught myself a one-year course of  Probability  Theory  and  Mathematical  Statis- tics in one semester, currently developing a tool that, given a series of share prices, calculates a probability of the price moving in a certain range. Using Python with numpy, plotly, pandas and other libraries. Hash Map. Implemented hash map with full functionality (including iterators) using separate chaining with linked list in C++ for my homework project. VS projects cleaner. Created a Python tool that clears a code repo from memory-intense Visual Studio projects using os library and dfs-like algorithm.  ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS Awardee of All-Russian Informatics Olympiad (also known as ROI). Master at Codeforces.

File 97: Алексей Тугаенко.docx
Алексей Тугаенко +7 (096) 263 7111 e-mail: aaatugaenko@gmail.com linkedin: https://linkedin.com/in/aaatugaenko  github: https://github.com/aaatug   Java Developer  Ведущий инженер по теплообеспечению и производству тепловой энергии с более чем 6- летним опытом. Давно увлекаюсь программированием и всем что связано с IT. Благодаря пандемии переосмыслил свой взгляд на жизнь потому в мае 2020 года принял решение сменить профессию и стать Java разработчиком. Так как вечерних занятий недостаточно для смены профессии — оставил работу инженера и продолжил обучение уже в полной мере.  Для чего мне это? - Для меня программисты - это кудесники 21 века и стать одним из них - моя мечта. Просто я решил реализовать свою мечту.  Навыки Языки: Java, SQL Фреймворки: JavaSE, Spring / Core / JDBC / MVC / DATA, Jackson, JAXB Технологии: JSP, JDBC, Servlet, JPA Веб сервер: Apache Tomcat Базы данных: PostgreSQL, HSQLDB Тестирование: Junit, Assertj Окружение: Git, Maven, Intellij IDEA, Emacs, Linux  Проекты 2021 «Подсчёт калорий» (в разработке) Spring/JPA Enterprise приложения c авторизацией и правами доступа на основе ролей на стеке Maven/ Spring MVC/ Security/ REST(Jackson)/ Java 8 Stream API. Реализация сохранения в базы Postgres и HSQLDB на основе Spring JBDC, JPA(Hibernate) и Spring-Data-JPA Реализация и тестирование REST и AJAX контроллеров Реализация клиента на Bootstrap (css/js), datatables, jQuery + plugins Собственная доработка проекта  2019-2020 «Java learn» Решил полный комплект задач для онлайн курса JavaRush Более 1200 решенных практических задач 20 выполненных мини-проектов  Опыт работы 2016 - 2020 - Ведущий инженер Коммунальное предприятие «Житло-сервис» (около 500 сотрудников).  Обеспечивал бесперебойную работу теплового хозяйства предприятия, в которое входило более 100 жилых домов и 6 газовых котелен Руководил командой из 4 инженеров Обучал сотрудников эффективным приемам работы с ПК  Достижения Выполнил и автоматизировал расчёт технико-экономических показателей затрат ресурсов на технологические потребности котелен для формирования тарифов. Теперь каждый последующий перерасчёт выполняется в десятки раз быстрее  Автоматизировал процесс распределения тепловой энергии в жилых домах и нежилых помещениях, тем самым повысив эффективность работы инженерной службы и снизив издержки для предприятия  Успешно реализовал проект установки модулей телеметрии в газовых котельных, значительно снизив риски получения финансовых издержек при выходе из строя комплексов учёта природного газа  Приобретённые опыт и навыки Высокий уровень стрессоустойчивости Отличное умение общаться с клиентами Умение завершать задачи в срок Усидчивость и умение сосредоточится в условиях повышенного стресса Объяснять непростые вещи простым языком  Образование 2020 - JavaRush - интерактивный онлайн курс по программированию на Java 2013 - Киевский национальный университет строительства и архитектуры (специалист, Товароведенье и коммерческая деятельность)  Языки Украинский: родной Русский: свободно Английский: средний  О себе Для меня важно добираться до сути решаемых задач и доводить их до конца Ценю уважение среди сотрудников, доброжелательную атмосферу Мне нравятся задачи, в которых нужно искать нестандартные решения Умею работать в команде, оказываю позитивное влияние на коллектив Люблю познавать новое, экспериментировать Среди главного в моей жизни — саморазвитие и работа над собой

File 98: Алифанова  Алина.docx
    

File 99: Андрей Васильев.docx
 Основной опыт:  Успешные проекты полного цикла с использованием BPM модуля от старта исследований до запуска усовершенствованных бизнес сервисов в 3-х крупных корпорациях (X5, РЖД, РЭЦ). Эксперт по внедрению решений на платформе SAP (> 1.3 млн. табельных номеров в РЖД). 6-ти летний опыт работы программистом на проектах разработки ERP систем. Множество проектов с большим количеством интеграционных сервисов со смежными системами (более десятка интеграций в одном проекте). Проекты автоматизации процессов со сложным бизнес контекстом (более 40 процессов, более 100 типов пользовательских операций). Навыки, знания технологий и достижения:  Большой опыт работы с бизнес требованиями и техническими заданиями. Эксперт по внедрению сервисных решений. Инструменты BPM моделирования - Camunda modeler, lucidchart, draw.io, Visio. Успешный опыт применения Agile методологий, включая Scrum и Kanban, профессиональное использование MS Project, Jira, Confluence, Trello. Продвинутый пользователь MS Office (Excel, Word, Powerpoint). SAP HR Certificated Consultant, 1C Enterprise программист, VBA, Postman (тестирование сервисов). Отличные навыки коммуникации и командной работы, внимателен к деталям. История работы: Руководитель проекта, INNOTECH, Москва. Март 2022 – Ноябрь 2022 – Проект разработки системы процессинга наличного оборота в банке. Директор проекта, 7PRO. Москва Май 2021 – Март 2022 – Проектирование и внедрение сервисов g2b для государственных услуг. Camunda BPM. Директор проекта, IT2G. Москва Октябрь. 2020 – Май 2021 – Разработка технического задания на системы электронного обучения государственного портала мэрии Москвы. Директор проектов, РЖД. Москва Сентябрь 2017 – Октябрь 2020 - Проект полного цикла по разработки и внедрению новой HR подсистемы для РЖД с полным редизайном бизнес процессов заказчика (применение BPMN). Директор проектов, IBS. Москва Октябрь 2013 – Сентябрь 2017- IT лидер внедрения аутсорсинговых HR сервисов для X5. Руководитель проекта, РЖД. Москва Dec. 2006 – Oct. 2013 – Проект разработки и внедрения SAP HR системы в РЖД. Программист, Консультант. Газпром Sep. 2002 – Dec. 2006 - Разработка и внедрение ERP систем для различных ДЗО и подразделений Газпром. Образование: 2002, Казанский Государственный Технический Университет имени А.Н. Туполева. Диплом с отличием. 2006, SAP Certificated Consultant, module HR, Software Components: SAP R/3 4.6C 2007, Планирование и управление проектами в Microsoft Project Языки: English: B1- Intermediate; Russian native

File 100: Бармин Антон.docx
 

File 101: Валаев Георгий.docx
  Валаев Георгий Георгиевич +7 (925) 3700088, WhatsApp, Telegram n@vaaaev.ru   Эксперт по информационной безопасности  Краткое описание: В течение долгого времени я успешно руководил комплексными проектами в области информационной безопасности. Мой опыт также включает управление коммерческими проектами, в том числе продажи и поставку программных решений в области информационной безопасности. Я формировал бизнес-стратегии, оптимизировал процессы и работал с вендорами, чтобы достичь планируемых результатов.  Мой опыт включает роль заместителя начальника отдела управления проектами цифровой трансформации, где я успешно завершил несколько проектов в этой области. В Российском Фонде Информации при Минприроды России я организовывал и управлял проектами по созданию Государственных Информационных систем (ГИС) с учетом нормативных актов № № 149-ФЗ, 152-ФЗ, ПП РФ № 563, 676, 313 и т.д. Я принимал непосредственное участие в написании и согласовании концепций ГИС "Охота" и ГИС "Природные Территории". Кроме того, я успешно реализовал проект внедрения ведомственной ИС АРМ МЭДО ДСП, включая согласование МуИН в соответствующих структурах, выделение бюджета и развертывание системы. Я также участвовал в создании пакетов проектной и тендерной документаци. Мои навыки руководителя включают в себя разработку и реализацию стратегических планов отдела.  До этого, в рамках ИТ-интегратора, после Value-added дистрибьютора решений информационной безопасности, я занимался продажей решений ИБ. Я работал в роли аккаунт менеджера, продукт-менеджера и руководителя проектов внедрения ИБ. Мои обязанности включали опережающую коммуникацию с заказчиками и интеграторами, оформление бизнес-требований, управление выбором решений, развитие партнерских отношений, продажи и управление проектами внедрения, включая управление проектной командой, участие в во встречах, конференциях и вебинарах.  Я имею опыт в разработке мер безопасности для заказчиков финансового сектора на основе PCI DSS, положений ЦБ РФ 683-П, 684-П, 672-П, 719-П, 747-П, 757-П ГОСТ 5780.* и т.д.  Сейчас я активно прорабатываю тему импортозамещения средств информационной безопасности с помощью продуктов ИБ отечественных производителей или правообладателей. Краткий опыт работы. Заместитель начальника отдела управления проектами цифровой трансформации: успешно завершил несколько проектов в области цифровой трансформации; руководил внедрением комплексных решений на всех этапах жизненного цикла проектов. Менеджер по работе с ключевыми заказчиками: управление отношениями с ключевыми клиентами; руководство проектами внедрения решений; консультации по продукту, демонстрации и тестирование. Образование: высшее техническое образование (МАИ факультет Радиоэлектроники); высшее образование в области информационной безопасности (Образовательный центр Информзащита). Языки: Русский (родной); Английский (свободно); Немецкий (технический). Дополнительные навыки: коммуникативные навыки; организационные способности; умение работать в команде; аналитическое мышление; управление временем; готовность к командировкам. Работа с офисными пакетами, системами документооборота. Python, Bash скрипты, администрирование рабочих мест и серверов Linux  Полный опыт работы: Российский Фонд Информации Минприроды России. 2022- 2023. https://rfi.mnr.gov.ru ИТ-проекты в пользу Министерства Природы Российской Федерации, системная интеграция, автоматизация технологических и бизнес-процессов предприятия, ИТ-консалтинг.  Заместитель начальника отдела управления проектами цифровой трансформации. Обязанности: Участие в формировании требований к государственной информационной системе (ГИС, ФГИС), включая требования по информационной безопасности; описание выявленных проблем, решение которых возможно средствами системы, описание требований к системе, включая определение требований к информационной системе защиты информации и допустимых затрат на разработку, ввод в действие и эксплуатацию системы; создание и согласование концепции ГИС, включая создание и согласование концепции, ТЗ на создание системы с учетом модели угроз безопасности, а также уровней защищенности персональных данных при их обработке в информационных системах персональных данных в зависимости от угроз безопасности этих данных и требований; управление ее созданием в соответствии с постановлением № 676 и другими НПА; участие в создании нормативно-правового обоснования создания ГИС; участие в разработке и согласовании проектных документов; участие в организации закупок через ЕИС Госзакупки; участие в разработке и согласовании рабочей документации, создание, ввод в действие, аттестация по требованиям ИБ. Результаты работы: инициирован ряд проектов по созданию федеральных государственных информационных систем в области охраны природы; успешно выполнен проект по внедрению АРМ МЭДО ДСП. Web-Control. Дистрибьютор решений информационной безопасности. 2015-2022. www.web-control.ru Информационная безопасность, value added дистрибуция решений ИБ, собственная разработка ПО «PAM Space».  Аккаунт-менеджер/Продукт-менеджер/Руководитель проектов внедрения. Обязанности: понимание принципов SOC; организация работ в соответствии с НПА: ГОСТ 57580.**, 187-ФЗ, 152-ФЗ, 683П, 747П и другими; построение архитектуры ИБ на основе МуиН; управление продажами комплексных проектов (программные решения по ИБ), включая помощь во встраивании решений ИБ в архитектуру информационной безопасности заказчиков, как правило, банков; управление коммуникациями с конечными заказчиками и системными интеграторами; участие в проектах в роли продавца, руководителя проекта; взаимодействие с вендорами, подбор решений, заключение договоров с поставщиками, оптимизация условий сотрудничества в роли менеджера по продукту; интервьюирование заказчика, экспресс-обследование, аналитика, формализация бизнес- требований, комплексная проработка технических решений, согласование условий, подписание контрактов; формирование команды проекта. Контроль реализации проекта на всех этапах, обеспечение выполнения функциональных требований, управление изменениями, сроками и качеством; поддержка и развитие партнеров, кросс-продажи. Достижения: обеспечил успешную реализацию проектов для ряда крупных заказчиков (финансовые институты). Публикации: "Код в доступе: на российских заводах массово игнорируют кибербезопасность" - https://iz.ru/1326483/ivan-chernousov/kod-v-dostupe-na-rossiiskikh-zavodakh-massovo- ignoriruiut-kiberbezopasnost Видео "Web-Control на канале ITD" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoxSAWQ-0Og Статья "Информационная безопасность в веб-интерфейсах" - http://cs.groteck.ru/IB_1_2021/20/index.html Видео "Web-Control на конференции IT Security Meetup " - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wus5WzFBRec&t=6s  Т1 Интеграция. 2009-2015. Продавец. Обязанности: лидирование комплексных проектов по продажам решений информационной безопасности, таких как спам-фильтрация, веб-фильтрация, файерволлинг, SIEM, DLP и др., а также решений по оптимизации и управлению инкассациями и потоками наличных денежных средств и мобильному банкингу; выстраивание процессов взаимодействия с заказчиками и согласование условий сотрудничества; аналитика, проработка решений под требования заказчика, проведение презентаций; сопровождение клиентов на всех этапах проекта и предоставление постпродажной поддержки; обеспечение исполнения функциональных требований заказчика и контроль работы проектной команды; обеспечение экономической эффективности операционной деятельности. Достижения: реализован проект поставки оборудования Cisco на сумму 3 млн. долларов; карьерный рост: (01.2009 – 05.2012) Менеджер по продуктам.  ООО "Техносфера", "Ritzio", игорный бизнес. 2003- 2009. Заместитель руководителя отдела внедрения и анализа. Обязанности: управление проектами внедрения ERP системы в компаниях холдинга в Северо-западном регионе России, странах Балтии, Чехии, Румынии и Германии; организация процессов технической поддержки игровых аппаратов под брендом "Вулкан"; руководство проектной командой из 10 человек - подбор, обучение, мотивация и развитие персонала, постановка и распределение задач, контроль результатов; планирование стратегии развития информационных систем, управление коммуникациями, рисками и сроками; организация и сопровождение пилотирования, внедрения и тиражирования решений во всей системе холдинга, включая низкоуровневую интеграцию множества конечных систем; проведение тестирований, управление изменениями, развитие продукта и оценка эффективности результатов; Достижения: реализовано внедрение https://acresmanufacturing.com/ в промышленную эксплуатацию; реализовано внедрение системы отчетности как части распределенной системы управления бизнесом (ERP, собственная разработка) в региональных компаниях Румынии и Латвии. Карьерный рост: заместитель руководителя отдела внедрения и анализа он-лайн систем.  ООО "УНИКУМ-СПМ". 2000-2003. www.unicum.ru Продажа и поддержка игровых и вендинговых аппаратов. Координатор сервисной службы. Обязанности: организация гарантийного и постгарантийного обслуживания электронной техники с персоналом до 10 человек; Инженер сервисной службы. Обязанности: монтаж и настройка электронного оборудования; поддержка заказчиков. Карьерный рост: инженер - координатор сервисной службы.  ТОО «СВИФТ». Автомобильный бизнес. 1994-2000. Владение и управление магазином запасных частей для легковых автомобилей Европейского и Японского производства.  СТОА иномарок европейского производства. 1992-1994. Заведующий складом Ведение склада, планирование остатка, заказ, логистика запчастей и расходных материалов;  Компания по прокату автомобилей. 1992. Инженер. Обязанности: управление сменой механиков по направлениям WAG, BMW; автоэлектроника и автомобильные компьютеры. Диагностика и ремонт.  Научно-исследовательский институт приборостроения им. В.В. Тихомирова. 1984-1992. www.niip.ru Ведущий инженер-конструктор РЭА. Обязанности: участие в разработке системы управления вооружением истребителя-перехватчика; участие в настройке и испытаниях радиолокационного прицельного комплекса. Карьерный рост: инженер - старший инженер - ведущий инженер.  Высшее образование: АНО ДПО "Учебный центр "Информзащита", специалист по информационной безопасности; МАИ, факультет радиоэлектроники летательных аппаратов, инженер.  Курсы повышения квалификации — по запросу. Языки — английский, С1. Права — категория А, В.

File 102: Владимир Никонов.docx
Владимир Никонов nikono67833@gmail.com | linkedin.com/in/aaaanii-nikonov | telegram: taaaaab33 | github: taaaaab33   Я опытный разработчик Python с двухлетним стажем и более года коммерческого опыта с Django, специализирующийся на образовательных технологиях. Используя технологии, такие как Django, Redis, Postgres и Docker, я создаю надежные серверные приложения. Опыт Django Разработчик	Авг 2022 – Сейчас ТРАЕКТО, ООО	Удалённо Разрабатываю архитектуру системы управления обучением (Learning Management System) с нуля Реализовал интеграцию API с платформой видеоконференций BigBlueButton, что помогло сэкономить около 13,3% инвестиций Реализую понятную и ясную документацию API с помощью drf-spectacular, что уменьшило время написания документации на 70% Сократил время устранения ошибок на 35%, добавив инструмент отслеживания ошибок и багов Sentry Пишу CI/CD скрипты c помощью GitHub Actions для развертывания, автоматизации тестирования и настройки уведомлений, что помогает автоматизировать развертывание проекта на демонстрационном сервере и сэкономить около 10-15 минут ручной работы после каждого обновления Проекты Система Управления Обучением | Python, Django, PostgreSQL, Docker, Celery, Redis	Авг 2022 – Сейчас Создал систему сессий образовательного контента, способную хранить данные о действиях пользователей для более чем 10 000 сотрудников в системе управления обучением (LMS). Внедрил стандарт SCORM (Content Sharing Object Reference Model) для отслеживания прогресса пользователейs Добавил автоматический импорт данных пользователей из Active Directory и других систем управления обучением, таких как iSpring, что сократило время ручной работы для администрации LMS на 2 часа Образование Авиационный техникум	Пермь, Россия Программист	Сен 2019 – Июль 2023 Языки Английский, B2 Русский, Родной  Технические навыки Языки: Python, SQL (Postgres) Фреймворки: Django, Django Rest Franework, Django Channels Инструменты для разработки: Docker, GitHub, PyCharm, Postman, Linux, Poetry, Nginx Библиотеки: PyTest, bs4, drf-spectacular, requests, ldap3, Sentry, celery, redis

File 103: Иванова Валерия.docx
Иванова Валерия Дмитриевна Россия, Москва│ Тел.: (+7)-937-000-50-59│ Email: linostaaaas@gmail.com  ОБРАЗОВАНИЕ МГУ имени М. В. Ломоносова	2019 - 2023 Бакалавр по направлению “Экономика”: Перевелась в группу повышенной академической нагрузки (Сентябрь 2020);. Не боюсь брать сложные предметы по выбору: Эконометрика-2, Теория Игр, Дифференциальные уравнения, Методы оптимальных решений, Поведенческая экономика; Прошла курсы Машинного обучения, Корпоративных финансов и Практической эконометрики. МГУ имени М. В. Ломоносова	2023 - наст. Получаю магистерскую степень по направлению “Анализ данных в экономике”  ОПЫТ РАБОТЫ Ozon fresh Стажер-аналитик	июль 2023 - наст. Написание запросов в Vertica, Clickhouse, Rezon; Исправление кода в python, создание дагов в airflow; Создание отчетов в superset & grafana для бизнеса. Citymakers Младший финансовый аналитик	май 2023 - июнь 2023 Построение финансовой модели, оценка объектов недвижимости; Создание объединенной базы реестра застройщиков из 9000 json nested файлов. Онлайн школа Вебиум	2019 - 2020 Куратор по физике. Подготовила 25 учеников к сдаче ЕГЭ по физике: Один из учеников сдал экзамен на 100/100; Двое поступили в МГТУ им. Баумана, один человек поступил в ВШЭ на бюджетной основе.  ДОПОЛНИТЕЛЬНЫЕ АКТИВНОСТИ High Quality Award 15% в Cup Moscow 2021, Английская секция, Case Crackers. Участие в кейс-чемпионате BCG & Ozon Fintech Case Battle 2022 Тинькофф образование, таргетинг, совместный проект	Ноябрь - Декабрь 2021 Deep Learning School 1 семестр от МФТИ + Анализ данных в индустрии от Тинькофф Февраль 2021 - наст. Хобби: Совмещала 3 танцевальных стиля 1,5 года (12 ч/нед); Пропустила только 2 тренировки за 4 года занятий танцами; Выиграла 3 раза номинации по импровизации в танцевальных фестивалях и баттлах.  ТЕХНИЧЕСКИЕ НАВЫКИ Английский (B2), Французский (A2-B1). SQL (Vertica, Clickhouse), R studio (эконометрика и машинное обучение), Python (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, ML & DL библиотеки), DataGrip, PyCharm, Jupyter Notebook, Excel, Gretl, PowerPoint, Notion, Word.

File 104: Кириленков Матвей.docx
Кириленков Матвей Владимирович Москва   Цель    +7 916 70 000 70 ahfhfjei.kirilenkov@gmail.com Руководитель направления, архитектор решений, пресейл, руководитель проектов - в области больших данных, озер и хранилищ данных, анализа данных Профиль летний опыт работы в ИТ на разных позициях: pre-sales, архитектор решений, руководитель проектов, консультант по внедрению, аналитик, администратор БД, разработчик. Последние 15 лет – специализация в области хранилищ и озер данных, анализа больших данных, корпоративных аналитических систем. Опыт работы в предметных областях: телекомы, банки, ритейл. Сертифицированный профессионал по Vertica, Teradata, Oracle Hyperion. Места работы и роли за последние 25 лет 2022 — по настоящее время. Twingo (https://twingo.co.il56/) - архитектор решений в области больших данных 2014 -2022. Vertica (https://www.vertica.com/): архитектор решений (системный инженер, pre-sales). 2011 – 2014. Teradata, архитектор решений 2008 – 2011. Sitronics IT, архитектор решений, руководитель проектов, руководитель направления. 2005 – 2008. Oracle, Старший консультант (BI и Хранилища данных). 2003 - 2005. Equant Telco, Аналитик. 2000 – 2003. Golden Telecom, Аналитик. 1997- 2000. Rostelekom, FORS, Аналитик, разработчик системы биллинга для телекомов, администратор БД Оракл. Содержание работы и достижения Twingo Участие, в т.ч. на ключевой роли, в пилотных проектах для внедрения ХД на базе Verticv, SingleStore, Работаю с разными инфраструктурами — AWS, GCP, K8S, виртуальные и физические среды. Vertica Presales, архитектор решений, официальное название должности – ведущий менеджер по техническому консультированию по программным продуктам. Поддержка с технической стороны продаж Vertica в России и ЕМЕА. Ответы на RFх, проведение тестов (proof of concept) разной сложности, презентации продукта для клиентов и партнеров, семинары, демонстрации, сопровождение клиентов после заключения сделки. С моим участием, иногда решающим (успешное завершение тестов), закрыты несколько сделок в ЕМЕА и России, в т.ч. одна из самых крупных сделок по Вертике в ЕМЕА. Был доверенным советчиком (trusted advisor) для некоторых, в т.ч.ключевых для бизнеса, клиентов. Последние 4 года одной из моих ролей была поддержка с технической стороны развития партнерской сети в ЕМЕА. Проводил семинары для партнеров, поддерживал партнерские продажи и внедрения. Teradata Архитектор решений в области хранилищ данных. 3 года в роли архитектора на внедрении ХД в одном из крупнейших российских банков. Sitronics IT Ведущий архитектор и руководитель проектов разной сложности для одного из крупнейших российских телекомов. Главные проекты: Система планирования и бюджетирования (Hyperion Planning and Budgeting). Разработка ТЗ на внедрение биллинга от Oracle (BRM). Oracle Аналитик и консультант по внедрению на проекте в гос-секторе: Cash planning на основе Оракл Hyperion Planning. Сбор и анализ требований, составление ТЗ и прочей проектной документации, разработка решения, успешное завершение приемочного тестирования. Внедрение Oracle Daily Business Intelligence (DBI) для модулей Financials, Supply Chain, Planning, Inventory, Maintenance (Oracle ERP) в рамках проекта внедрения OeBS в одном из крупнейших российских предприятий. Equant Аналитик в отделе маркетинга и продуктов. Проводил тендер на создание корпоративного портала и витрины данных биллинга. Разработал ТЗ на несколько систем: Price Book, Voice tariffs management, Least cost routing. Golden Telecom / Вымпелком Разработка ТЗ и самого решения для системы поддержки предоплатных телефонных карт (Oracle DB, SQL, PL\SQL). FORS, RosTelekom Сбор и анализ требований, разработка ТЗ и самого решения для одного из модулей биллинга для операторов фиксированной связи и предоплатного интернета (Oracle DB, Oracle Forms & Designer, SQL, PL\SQL). Образование: Высшее. МИФИ, факультет теоретической и экспериментальной физики. Курсы 2013, Teradata University: Teradata workload optimization 2012, Teradata University: Customer interaction skills 2011, Teradata University: Teradata Factory 2008, Oracle University: Hyperion Essbase Analytics 9.3 Bootcamp Ed 1 2008, Oracle University: Hyperion Financial Reporting 9.3 for Essbase and Planning Ed 1 2007, Oracle University: Hyperion Planning 9.3: Create and Manage Applications Ed 1 2006-2007, Hock International, Moscow: CMA, Part 2 – Management Accounting and Reporting. 2007, Oracle University: 11i Payables Management Fundamentals 2006, Oracle University: 11i General Ledger Management Fundamentals 2006, Oracle University: Oracle Financial Consolidation Hub. 2006, Oracle University: Enterprise Performance Foundation. 2005, Oracle University: Oracle Enterprise Planning and Budgeting. 2005, Oracle University: 11i Implement Daily Business Intelligence. Сертификаты Vertica 9,10 certified professional Teradata certified professional Oracle Hyperion Planning 9.3 Administrator Certified Expert. Oracle Hyperion Essbase 9.3 Developer Certified Expert. Hyperion Certified Administrator (4H0-048 HCA - Hyperion Planning 9.3: Create/Manage Apps). Навыки Презентации, семинары, рабочие встречи для разных аудиторий (клиенты и партнеры). Руководство проектами по внедрению информационных систем Экспертный уровень в SQL, администрировании и архитектуре аналитических БД (Vertica, Teradata, SingleStore), процедурные языки СУБД. Знаком с машинным обучением, инфраструктурами физических серверов, виртуализации и Kubernetes, Прочее Семейное положение: женат, двое взрослых детей.

File 105: Михалько Людмила.docx
Михалько Людмила +7 (916) 000 49 05 okok.mikhalko@outlook.com www.linkedin.com/ookoa-mikhalko Обо мне Руководитель проектов с более чем 20-летним опытом работы в ИТ сфере для различных отраслей: телекоммуникации, фармацевтика, нефтегазовая отрасль, промышленность. Успешный опыт в реализации решений и проектов различной степени сложности от внедрения ERP систем и их компонентов, внедрения платформенных и инфраструктурных решений до разработки и внедрения мобильных приложений.  Опыт и достижения Цифровые технологии и платформы	02/2016 – 06/2023 ИТ подразделение компаний ЕвроХим и СУЭК. ЕвроХим один из крупнейших мировых производителей удобрений, СУЭК является одной из ведущих угольно-энергетических компаний в мире. Руководитель программы проектов Управление проектами и программой проектов различного уровня сложности. Оценка стоимости затрат на внедрение цифровых инициатив, защита необходимости внедрения инициатив и защита бюджета. Управление распределенными командами на проектах. Решение вопросов развития инфраструктуры для целей проекта. Поиск технических решений для повышения надежности инфраструктуры. Формирование ресурсного плана, планирование работ по проектам, подготовка проектной документации, контроль и управление сроками проектов, контроль исполнения бюджета, управление изменениями и рисками проектов. Собеседование и найм специалистов для проектов. Координация работ по контрактации с подрядчиками. Участие в проработке и согласовании бизнес-процессов, методологических вопросов и выработке решений по направлению Ремонты. Координация вопросов по закупке оборудования и лицензий для проектов. Достижения Организовала внедрение системы Мобильный ТОиР на предприятиях группы, руководила проектом по доработке приложения на основании функциональных требований заказчика. Проект вывела в тираж на предприятиях Дивизиона Горнорудный и Дивизиона Удобрения. Внедрение системы Мобильный ТОиР позволило сократить внеплановые простои оборудования на 10%. Инициировала и выступила заказчиком внедрения системы для управления корпоративными мобильными устройствами Mobile Device Management. Система позволила на 60% сократить время на обслуживание корпоративных мобильных устройств на предприятиях компании. Нашла способ на 90% сократить затраты на обеспечение инфраструктуры проекта, внедрила его в эксплуатацию. Разработала и защитила программу проектов по автоматизации ТОиР на общую сумму больше 1 млрд. рублей. Решила вопрос по альтернативному лицензированию системы после ухода зарубежного вендора, что позволило продолжить использование системы и искать варианты импортозамещения в плановом режиме. Организовала закупку оборудования через параллельный импорт, что позволило приобрести для предприятий компании оборудование, которое попало под санкции. AT-Consulting	06/2011 – 02/2016 ИТ, Интеграция, разработка. Внедрение и сервисная поддержка сложных информационных систем, управленческий и операционный бизнес-консалтинг, разработка ПО на заказ и ИТ-аутсорсинг. Функциональный лидер Руководство командой консультантов и разработчиков. Формирование планов по развертыванию и настройке ERP системы. Разработка схем учета затрат и архитектурных решений. Согласовывание с заказчиком и контроль исполнения принятых решений. Разработка технических заданий на интеграцию между системами. Внедрение модулей логистики, производства, учета затрат, финансов ERP системы в качестве лидера по направлению. Достижения: Структурировала работу функциональных команд проекта, помогла устранить противоречия между командами, что позволило найти решения для нескольких сложных кросс функциональных процессов и обеспечило быстрый запуск этих процессов в промышленную эксплуатацию на стороне заказчика. Реализовала функционал (кадровые справки, бухгалтерские справки, оформление полисов ДМС), который помог сотрудникам заказчика заказывать необходимые документы онлайн, а кадровым службам структурировать и облегчить их работу. Реализовала функционал учета международного роуминга в ERP системе, функционал помог обеспечить прозрачный учет международного роуминга.  Образование Пермский технический университет, Экономика и управление промышленным предприятием, Инженер-Экономист	2001 Тренинги Управление ИТ-проектами, Высшая школа экономики	2020 Анализ и моделирование бизнес-процессов, Высшая школа экономики	2020  Дополнительная информация Английский B1. Oracle	e-Business	Suite:	Inventory,	Oracle	Receivables,	Oracle	Purchasing,	Process Manufacturing, Enterprise Asset Management. Oracle Fusion Cloud: Manufacturing, Maintenance. SAP 4HANA: SAP PM. Jira, Confluence, Trello. PowerPoint. Активно изучаю новые технологии: цифровые двойники, системы предиктивной аналитики, VR, AR.

File 106: Худорожков Алексей.docx
Globus it is about a strong technical expertise in mobile development and innovative IT solutions in the development of websites. Globus cooperates with the largest Russian and foreign customers for more than 9 years. ____________________________________________________________________________  Худорожков Алексей Системный аналитик 25 лет Саратов 89100068965  ОПЫТ РАБОТЫ И ГОТОВЫЕ ПРОЕКТЫ ________________________________________________________________  Август 2022 — по настоящее время (1 год 1 месяц)
ГЛОБУС-ИТ
Должность:
Системный аналитик
Обязанности:
Работа на проекте Сбербанка - команда разрабатывает централизованную автоматизированную систему генерации, сертификации и администрирования ключей электронной подписи. 
- Сбор, анализ требований - Актуализация требований - Формирование функциональных и бизнес требований - Написание документации, ТЗ, спецификаций - Описание use case - Формирование артефактов по результатам проведенного анализа - Документирование требований по swagger - Работа с интеграциями - Работа с фронтом и бэком - Работа с JSON и XML - Работа с микросервисной архитектурой и монолитом - Работа с rest, soap Работа на проекте X5 Retail Group – команда разрабатывает сервис доставки заказов из интернет-магазинов и маркетплейсов партнеров в постаматы и пункты выдачи в магазинах «Пятёрочка» и «Перекрёсток». - Сбор, анализ требований - Актуализация требований - Формирование функциональных и бизнес требований - Написание документации, ТЗ, спецификаций - Описание use case - Формирование диаграмм, спецификаций, требований к системе - Работа с Postman, Figma, Conflunce, Jira - Постановка задач для fron end и back end разработки - Работа с микросервисной архитектурой  - Документирование требований по swagger - Помощь в тестировании разработанного функционала - Демонстрация результата работы заказчику - Работа по Agile Scram  Май 2022 — Август 2022 (4 месяца)
Иннотех
Должность:
Системный аналитик
Обязанности:
Актуализация требований, формирование функциональных и бизнес требований, документирование требований по swagger, работа со стримингом данных, сбор, анализ требований, описание use case, работа с очередями и брокерами сообщений, Kafka, Tarantool, UML, Apache Flink, Jira  Апрель 2021 — Май 2022 (1 год 2 месяца)
Цифровые привычки
Должность:
Системный аналитик
Обязанности:
- Сбор, анализ требований - Описание use case, user story - Актуализация требований - Формирование функциональных и бизнес требований - Документирование требований по swagger - Работа на кредитном конвейере - Ведение проекта с нуля - Работа с реляционными и нереляционными БД - Работа с микросервисной архитектурой и монолитом - Проектирование сервисов - Проектирование модели данных - Работа с JSON и XML - Работа с rest, soap  
Октябрь 2020 — март 2021 (6 месяцев)
Совкомбанк
Должность:
Системный аналитик
Обязанности:
- Разработка и анализ проектов  - Анализ бизнес-требований - Сбор доп. информации с бизнеса и подразделений по другим бэк-системам - Проработка и описание тех. процессов - Решение интеграционных задач - Формирование функциональных и нефункциональных требований - Применение методов выявления требований - Поддержание документации в актуальном состоянии - Помощь в решении исследований и устранении ошибок  BPMN, UML, YouTrack 

Январь 2020 — сентябрь 2020 (9 месяцев)
Neoflex
Должность:
Системный аналитик
Обязанности:
- Аналитическое сопровождение проектов. - Анализ существующих технологий, использующихся на проекте, актуализация документации по проекту, разработка концептуальной модели проекта.  - Выполнение доработок, аналитики по проекту (сбор требований по заявке, анализ, написание подхода к реализации заявки, формирование оценки трудозатрат по заявке, согласование, актуализация документации по заявке).

ОБРАЗОВАНИЕ _____________________________________________________________   2020:
Саратовский государственный технический университет им. Ю.А. Гагарина, Саратов Институт прикладных информационных технологий и коммуникаций (ИнПИТ), Информационные системы и технологии, Бакалавр

2022:
Саратовский государственный технический университет им. Ю.А. Гагарина, Саратов Институт прикладных информационных технологий и коммуникаций (ИнПИТ), Информационные системы и технологии, Магистр   КЛЮЧЕВЫЕ НАВЫКИ _____________________________________________________________    • Знание технологий проектирования и программирования в разработке информационных систем и технологий, проектирование бизнес- и технологических процессов:  - XML.  - XSD.  - XSLT.  - WSDL.  - SOAP.  - Rest API.  • Методологии построения и ведения бизнес-процессов:  - Понимание методологии Agile (Scrum).  - Понимание методологии Waterfall.  • Навыки: SQL (DDL, DML, DCL, TCL).  • Знание предметной области.  • Знание инструментов Task Trackers.  • Знание Collaboration System (Confluence).  • Знание языков/нотаций моделирования (UML).  • Понимание архитектуры приложения: SOA, microservices.  • Понимание технологии работы web-service.  • Понимание работы брокеров сообщений. 

107: Akhundov Damat.pdf
Akhundo v
Damat
So
F
TW
AR
E
ENGiNEE
R
·
B
A
CKEND
DEVELoPE
R
B a k u ,
A z e r b a i j a n
( + 9 9 4 )
5 1
0 0 0 - 6 0 - 1 7
|
a k h u n d o v 1 d a m a t @ g m a i l . c o m
|
a k h u n d
d a m a t
|
a k h u n d o v 1
d a m a t
“Software
is
art.”
Sum
mary
Current
Middle
Backend
Developer
at
product
company
Online
Gymnasium.
I
have
experience
in
developing
microservice 
architecture,
working
with
databases,
parallel
tasks,
converting
files,
integrating
external
services,
working
with
caching,
as
well 
as
training
new
employees.
Special
‑
izing
in
RESTful
API
realization.
Using
Django
REST
Framework
and
FastAPI
for
this
purpose. 
Prefer
to
use
FastAPI
and
developing
structure
of
system
manually.
Also
prefer
to
use
Linux,
namely
Manjaro.
Interested
in 
challenging
tasks
related
to
architecture
development
and
learning
new
technologies.
Wor
k
Experience
Online
GymnasiumR emot e
MiDDLE
B
A
CKEND
DEVELoPE
R
•
Developed
database
structure
via
Django
ORM. 
•
Worked
with
Celery
tasks.
Applied
best
practises. 
•
Implemented
integration
between
BigBlueButton 
and
Django
REST
Framework. 
•
Used
Test
Driven
Development. 
•
Built
structure
of
the
project
via
style
guide. 
•
Implemented
RESTful
API
microservice. 
•
Worked
with
Docker
and
Docker
Compose. 
•
Realised
ORM
optimization. 
•
Developed
an
application
for
converting
files
from 
two
services
(JOD
Converter
and
CloudCon vert)F e b .2 0 2 0
‑P r e s e n t .
FreelanceBak u,Az er baij an
J
U
N
IOR
B
A
CKEND
DEVEL
O
PE
R
•
Developed
payment 
system.
•
Worked
with
OpenCV
on 
Python.
•
Realized
authentication 
system
for
FastAPI.F e b .2 0 1 9
‑F e b .2 0 2 0
Ski
lls
DevOps
Docker,
Docker
Compose
Frameworks
Django
REST
Framework,
Django,
FastAPI,
REST
API
Methodologies
Test
Driven
Development,
Domain
Driven
Development
Principles
SOLID,
YAGNI,
DRY
Databases
Postgres,
Redis,
Cassandr a
Programming
Languages
Python,
C
Languages
English,
Russian,
Azerbaijani
Edu
cation
ASOIU(Azerbaijan
State
Oil
and
Industrial
University)Bak u,Az er baij an
B.S.
I
N
IN
FOR
M
A
T
IO
N
TECHN
O
L
O
G
I
ES
A
ND
M
A
N
A
GEMENT
•
Got
a
Full
Scholarship .
O c t .2 0 2 0
‑O c t .2 0 2 4
Ramin
Mahmudzadeh
school
of
solving
Olympiad
problemsBak u,Az er baij an
OLYMP
IA
D
P
RO
BLEMS
S
O
LVE
R
•
Learned
to
solve
problems
of 
different
level
of
complexi ty.S e p .2 0 1 8
‑2 0 1 9
DECEMBE
R
16,
2021
AKH
U
ND
O
V
M
URA
D
·
RÉS
U
MÉ
1

108: Alan Abdirasul.pdf
Alan Abdirasul Senior Java Software Engineer |aаааааааbdirasul@gmail.com Summary  Experienced Software Engineer with 5+ years of experience participating in all aspects of the software development lifecycle, which includes estimating, technical design, implementation documentation, testing, deployment, and support of applications developed for various clients. Skills    • Programming Languages: Java, Kotlin, JavaScript, TypeScript • Backend Technologies: Spring boot, WebFlux, Gradle, Maven, RabbitMQ, Kafka, WebSocket, Spring Cloud, Hibernate, GraphQL, gRPC • Databases: PostgreSql, MySql, MongoDB, Redis, Oracle Database, R2DBC • Frontend Technologies: React, Redux, HTML, CSS • Software development tools: Git, Github, Gitlab, CodeCommit, CI/CD, CircleCi, Jenkins, Grafana, Prometheus, Graphite, JUnit, Mockito • Cloud: Docker, Kubernetes, AWS, Digital Ocean • Soft Skills: Leadership, communication, problem-solving, adaptability, teamwork, time management, critical thinking, emotional intelligence. Experience    Lead Java Software Engineer Peaksoft Chicago, Illinois USA(Remote) 05/2022 - Present • Deployed and scaled applications on AWS. • Effectively communicated within a multi-disciplined team, across 23 locations and 5 time zones. • Managed task assignments and priorities for timely deliveries. • Collaborated with stakeholders to prioritize system enhancements, boosting business process efficiency by 27%. • Introduced pair programming, elevating code quality by 35% and accelerating project delivery. • Orchestrated successful implementation of microservices architecture for improved scalability. • Mentored and supported 18 junior and middle developers, enhancing code quality by 30%.  Senior Software Engineer Peaksoft Chicago, Illinois USA(Remote) 05/2021 - 05/2022 • Enhanced application responsiveness and scalability through algorithm optimization.. • Skillfully integrated third-party systems, contributing to a 23% increase in global revenue. • IImplemented and optimized Grafana deployments, elevating application monitoring capabilities. • Automated software delivery processes using CircleCI for efficient deployment.  Software Engineer Inclusive Technology Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan(On-site) 11/2020 - 06/2021 • Optimized workflows, reducing development time by 25%. • Orchestrated efficient communication across frontend, backend, and AQA teams, advancing deadlines by 12%. • Guided 6 junior and middle developers, fostering growth and development. • Engineered innovative features, including real-time grammar checking. Full-Stack Developer Aksoft Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan(On-site) 05/2018 - 11/2020 • Developed scalable applications using Java, JavaScript, React.js, and Redux.js. • Optimized database designs and query performance, resulting in more efficient data management. • Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and deliver solutions tailored to client needs. • Implemented CI/CD pipelines using CircleCI, achieving a significant 70% boost in deployment efficiency. • Leveraged Docker for containerization, which reduced deployment time by 32% while improving the app's scalability.. • Managed projects efficiently through the use of Gradle and Maven, facilitating coordinated efforts. • Leveraged Amazon S3 to enhance metadata storage and retrieval within Spring MVC projects.  Education    Computer Science, Bachelor's Degree Kirgizistan-Türkiye Manas Üniversitesi 09/2017 - 09/2020 Mentorship    • CodeWise Academy: I employed interactive teaching methods, real-world examples, and hands-on coding projects to enhance students' grasp of Java programming concepts. I led face-to-face Zoom sessions accommodating diverse language preferences, inspire critical thinking, conduct assessments, and have successfully guided over 180 students, with 87 securing jobs, fostering their growth through mentoring and code reviews. (09/2022 - Present) • Avenir Education Company: Instructed students in backend development (Spring, Java, JDBC), guiding coding assignments, configuring CI/CD pipelines, and leading projects. Mentored 300+ students in web development with Java-based backend systems, conducting code reviews and providing career advice for success. (03/2020 - 01/2022) 

109: Alan Iusupov .pdf
Alan Iusupov  iOS Developer +996 (505) 21-11-11 |iusupov.aaaaai@gmail.com   WORK EXPERIENCE OAO Optima Bank iOS Developer Nov 2022 – Present ● Successfully produced 5 releases under my guidance.. ● Developed over 8 complex functionalities that facilitated the use of repetitive screens and brought over 1 million KGS to the company, and partnered with over 35 companies. ● Optimization: Improvement of Git and TestFlight workflows. Experienced in implementing new targeting strategies for developers and optimizing app build times. Successfully improved collaboration, distribution, and testing processes, significantly reducing app build time from 5-10 minutes to 1-3 minutes Geeks Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan iOS Trainer Dec 2022 – Aug 2023 ● Trained over 100 students in iOS development ● In the middle of a full course of study, 5% got a job/internship.  Mustard Inc. Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan iOS Developer May 2021 – Nov 2022 ● Developed error handling solutions for server applications, providing efficient and consistent error and exception handling using "Strategy" design pattern. ● GIF optimization has reduced memory consumption by 40% for smooth playback and minimal resource usage. ● Refactored the profile page, which increased its use by 10% more often, made it smoother and more pleasant to use.  EDUCATION International Alatoo University Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan Bachelor of Computer Science June 2023 Relevant Coursework: Software Engineering; Operating Systems; Algorithms;   SKILLS Technologies: Swift, UIKit, SwiftUI, Swift Concurrency, Combine, SPM, Cocoapods, KMM Architectures: MVx, VIPER 

110: Albert SERIAKOV.pdf
Albert
SERIAKOV
Moscow,
Russia
•
+7(968)
000-5611
•
saaakov@gmail.com
Position
of
Interest:
Consultant,
Information
Technology
(IT)
Offer
the
following
qualifications:
●
Establish
procedures
and
implement
policies;
Consult
and
advise
clients;
Confer
with
clients
to
identify
and 
document
requirements;
Provide
advice
on
information
systems
strategy,
policy,
management
and
service 
delivery;
Develop
and
implement
policies
and
procedures
throughout
the
software
development
life
cycle; 
●
Analyze
test
results
and
instrument
readings;
Analyze
clients'
financial
records;
Analyze
data
and
prepare 
reports. 
●
Manage
distributed
teams,
project
management,
coaching;
maintain
excellent
interpersonal 
communications,
time
management,
and
problem
resolution
skills.
Languages:
ABAP,
SQL 
Software:
Windows
7/10,
Microsoft
Office,
Project,
Visio,
Power
Point,
ARIS,
Jira,
Confluence
and
SAP 
HCM/SD/MM
Relevant
Experience
Head
of
HCM
Department
,
10.2016
-
Present
HCM
Department,
SAP
ERP
Division,
AT
Consulting,
Moscow
●
Pre-sale
and
sale,
both
within
the
framework
of
its
direction,
and
in
other
areas
of
SAP
practice; 
●
Organization
and
coordination
of
the
work
of
SAP
HCM; 
●
Organization
of
work
of
project
teams
on
projects; 
●
Coordination
of
work
with
the
Customer,
negotiation
and
coordination
of
deadlines
and
tasks; 
●
Preparation
and
conduct
of
tenders,
project
evaluation,
preparation
of
commercial
proposals; 
●
IOT
projects
design.
Achievements: 
•
SAP
HCM
practice
created; 
•
Developing
the
direction
of
customer
experience; 
•
All
projects
were
finished
with
positive
profitability.
Leading
Consultant
,
12.2015
–
10.2016
HCM
practice,
Implementation
Division,
MOLGA
Consulting,
Moscow
●
Pre-sale,
project
appraisal
and
planning,
preparation
of
indicative
and
commercial
proposals; 
●
Projects
for
the
implementation
of
SAP
HCM; 
●
Meetings
with
the
customer
on
the
development
of
design
solutions.
The
solution
of
methodological
issues. 
Development
of
design
solutions.
Team
Leader
,
02.2015
–
12.2015
HCM
practice,
ERP
Division,
Science
IT
University,
Moscow
●
Management
of
consultants
of
the
PY-center; 
●
Negotiation
with
the
customers; 
●
Development
of
design
solutions,
graphic
models
for
describing
business
processes; 
●
Supervising
the
work
of
consultants
from
a
subcontractor
Senior
Consultant,
08.2012
–
02.2015
SAP
HCM
Department,
HR
Division,
METRO
Cash&Carry,
Moscow
●
Development
and
support
of
the
SAP
HCM
(PA,
OM,
PT,
PY); 
●
ABAP
development.
Consultant,
03.2011
–
08.2012
SAP
HCM
Department,
ERP
Division,
BDO
Consulting,
Moscow
●
Development
and
implementation
of
the
PW
module
-
piecework
pay
(Z); 
●
Settings
of
PY
changes.
Achievements: 
•
Developed
the
concept
of
the
Z-module
"Calculation
of
piecework
wages."; 
•
Successfully
integrated
the
module
into
the
SAP
HCM.
Consultant,
04.2010
–
03.2011
IT
Develop
Department,
IT
Division,
Adidas,
Moscow
●
Development
and
support
of
the
SAP
HCM
(PA,
OM,
PT,
PY).
Consultant,
04.2009
–
03.2011
IT
Support
Department,
IT
Division,
Kopeyka,
Moscow
●
Support
for
business
processes
based
on
SAP
ERP,
SD
/
MM
modules.
Achievements: 
•
Successful
implementation
of
a
parallelization
project
for
inventory
accounting
and
sales 
analysis
on
servers.
Education
Bachelor
of
Engineering
–
Electronic
Systems
Engineering,
2012
BMSTU
Bauman
Moscow
State
Technical
University
Bachelor
of
Economy
–
Electronic
Systems
Engineering,
2016
Financial
University
under
the
Government
of
the
Russian
Federation
(Diploma
with
Honor)
SAP
CIS,
SAP
Certified
Application
Associate
-
SAP
HCM
ERP
6.0
EHP7,
2018


111: Albina Batmanova.pdf
AlbinaBatmanova
SoftwareEngineer,Moscow
lb.batmanova@gmail.comIrinaBatmanova+7(985)00047-62
SKILLS
Python,Bash,JavaScript,C++,SQL,Flask,Django,Asyncio,Pytest,React,Qt,Pandas,Matplotlib,Linux,Docker,Swarm,Git,Jira,GitlabCI,PostgreSQL,Redis,ArangoDB,Neo4j,Keycloak,Postman
EDUCATION
MoscowInstituteofPhysicsandTechnologyMoscow,Russia
BachelorofAppliedMathematicsandInformaticsJuly2019
EXPERIENCE
MyOﬃce
LeadSoftwareEngineer,SoftwareEngineerMarch2019-Present
Develop,enhanceandsupportseveralmicroservicesforstoringmetadataandfilesofPrivateCloudprod-uctsParticipateincodereviewsImproveGitlabCIpipelinesforservicesUsePython,Flask,Falcon,Postman,ArangoDB(graphdatabase),Keycloak(OIDCservice),Gitlab,JIRAinmyworkMoscowInstituteofPhysicsandTechnologies
LecturerofworkshopsOctober2019-December2019
GavepracticalclassesforagroupofthirdyearstudentsaboutwebdevelopmentUsedDjangoframeworkCadenceDesignSystems
SoftwareEngineerInternJune2018-March2019
Tookpartindevelopinganew3dviewerofmicroschemesarchitectureUsedC++,Qt,Perforce,Reviewboardinmywork
PROJECTS
MLDev-versioncontrolforml-experimentsDevelopedyamlparserwithparameterssubstitution(environmentvariables)Setupgitlab-ciforpre-releasetestingofthesystem(deployondifferentoperationsystems,rununit-tests)
Snakify-interactivepythonlessonsforkids
DevelopednewfrontendfeaturesonReactHackathonsPersonalizedalandingpageforbrokerageservicebasedondemographicalinformationaboutanonymoususergainedfromYandexDirect(usedReactforlandingpageandYandexDirectforanalytics)Createdatoolforanalyzingsystemsecuritylogs,helpingtoseeandpreventpotentialattacks(UsedReactforwebinterface)Developedanetworkforconnectingpotentialstartuperswithmentors,investorsandotherusefulandin-terestedpeople(useddataanalysismodelsfromsklearn)


112: Aldar Myagky.pdf
Aldar
My
A
g
KY
@nemyagky
|
iald.mag.web@gmail.com
|
7-996-000-01-45
|
github/naayagky
|
Russia,
Saint
Petersburg
WORK
EXPERIENCE
•
SELF-EMPLOYED
|
Fu
LL
S
TA
c
K
D
EVELOPER
Saint
Petersburg
|
June
2020
–
June
2021
–
Virtual
keyboard,
showing
all
available
hotkeys
for
Figma,
IDE
redactor,
etc.
shortcutter.ru
–
Participation
in
a
three-month
accelerator
with
a
psychology
project
for
16-23
years
old
people
–
Software
for
an
animal
shelter,
transmitting
a
real-time
image
from
cameras
to
the
administration
–
Participation
in
4-5
smaller
projects.
More
about
this
period
in
the
projects
section
below
•
SIDENIS
|
A
NG
u
LAR
D
EVELOPER
Saint
Petersburg
|
March
2020
-
June 
2020
–
Developing
huge
Front-end
software
for
an
insurance
company
via
Angular
;
NgRx
on
Front-end
side, 
Node.js
,
Express.js
on
Back-end
microservice
side.
Agile,
autotesting,
calls
with
foreign
analytics
–
Was
responsible
for
developing
new
Angular
pages,
REST
API
endpoints,
bug
fixes,
etc. 
.
•
EDISON
|
A
NG
u
LAR
D
EVELOPER
Kemerovo
|
June
2019
–
January 
2020
Software
for
airport-like
medical
terminals,
used
for
measuring
pressure,
doing
an
alcohol
text, 
etc.
Was
responsible
for:
–
Communications
with
physical
USB
equipment
via
Node.js
+
SerialPort
–
Electron.js
app
configuration
&
Linux
installation
–
Angular
+
Electron.js
desktop
app
developing.
Helping
with
Angular
Front-end
admin
panel
–
Creating
electronic
certifications
for
medical
examinations
results
PROJECTS
•
SHOR TCUTTER
A
NG
u
LAR
,
E
LE
c
TRON
.js,
N
ODE
.js,
C++, 
Wi
N
API
Virtual
keyboard,
showing
all
available
hotkeys
for
Figma,
IDE
redactor,
etc.
Angular,
Node.js.
Windows/macOS
installation
via
Electron.js
.
Includes
8
C++
and
4
Python
dependencies
•
YANHO
Acceleration
with
a
project,
helping
young
people
get
psychology
help.
During
the
acceleration
150
castdev 
have
been
completed,
7
hypotheses
have
been
tested
and
the
first
sales
have
been
made
•
ZEFIR
A
NG
u
LAR
,
W
EB
RTC, 
Ex
PRESS
.js,
C++
Software
for
an
animal
shelter,
used
to
look
after
the
pets.
C++
REST
API
server,
used
to
manage
webcams,
Angular
+
WebRTC
Front-End
website,
Node.js
microservices
•
REPEA T
ENGLISH
A
NG
u
LAR
N
ATIVE
,
N
G
Rx,
F
L
u
TTER
, 
F
IREBASE
Android
&
IOs
app,
used
to
learning
English
words
by
interval
method.
At
first
was
written
via 
AngularNative
,
then
it
was
rewritten
via
Dart+Flutter
.
SQLite&Firebase
.
•
OTHER
Participating
in
projects
like
online
canvas
game,
VK
MiniApps
application.
three.js
3D
scene 
rendering,
image
from
binary
generator,
etc.
EDUCATION
•
LICEUM
62
Kemerovo
|
2019
F
INISHED
9
TH
GRADE
AND
GOT
A
j
OB
IMMEDIATELY
.
F
INISHED
11
TH
GRADE
REMOTELY
SKILLS
Angular,
NgRx,
RxJs,
Node.js,
Express.js,
Electron.js,
Socket.io,
Three.js,
Angular
Native,
Dart,
Flutter
1

113: Aldar Ulubayev.pdf
Aldar
Ulubayev
aldar.ulubayev@gmail.com
|
aldarulubayev
|
askar3280
|
+7
708
000
38
12
Education
S u l e y m a nD e m i r e lU n i v e r s i t y
Almaty,
Kaskelen
districtFacultyofEngineeringandNaturalSciencesAug.2016–May2020
Projects
Alfa-Bank
(App
store)
|
ATFBank
(App
store)
|
Altyn-i
(App
store)
|
Experience
i O Sd e v e l o p e r
Feb
2020
–
OngoingAlfa-BankKazakhstan
•
Decreased
build
time
by
comparing
carthages
and
pods
•
Explored
new
technologies
and
shared
findings
with
the
team
i O Sd e v e l o p e r
Sep
–
Jan
2020DAR
•
Worked
on
network
layer
which
can
be
reused
in
every
project
•
Configured
push
notifications
of
the
project
i O Sd e v e l o p e r
Jul
2019
–
Sep
2020ATFBank
•
Head
of
the
development
iOS
team
•
Developed
and
launched
the
application
from
scratch
in
over
60
k
people
(Rating:
4.7)
•
Worked
closely
with
product
managers
and
designers
to
define
a
rich
iOS
experience
for 
the
user
•
Configured
architecture
and
security
of
the
application
•
Improved
product
quality
through
code
reviews
•
Performed
technical
designs
and
implementation
of
the
application
I n t e r n s h i p
Jan
2019
–
May
2019Infin-ITSolution
•
Worked
on
mobile-banking
applications
•
Fixed
bugs
•
Refactored
codes
•
Added
new
functionalities
like
filter
for
dates
and
custom
reusable
views
Skills
Swift,
Java,
Multi-threading,
CI/CD,
Fastlane,
Dependency
Injection,
Reactive
programming 
patterns
(RX),
SOLID,
Clean
Swift
architecture
(VIP),
VIPER,
MVVM


114: Alena Guseinova.pdf
Alena
Guseino va
9020006132,
guseinova.ale@gmail.com 
https://www .linkedin.com/in/alena-guseinova/
Summar y
Software
developer
with
three
years
of
hands-on
experience
in
software
development. 
Proficient
in
pillars
of
OOP .
Has
an
experience
in
finance
positions
in
bank,
trust
worthy 
and
can
deal
with
confidentially
data.
In-depth
knowledge
of
mathematical
concepts, 
calculation
and
formulas
from
a
Master
of
Mechanics,
Mathematics
related
discipline. 
Flexible,
adaptable
and
comfortable
dealing
with
changing
priorities.
Technical
Skills
Programming
:
Lotus
Domino,
Formula,
Visual
Basic,
C#
Professional
Experience
IBM
Lotus
Notes
Developer
April
2018
to
July
2021
Russian
Standard
Bank
,
Russia 
Is
in
the
top
Russian
banks
by
bank
assets.
https://www .rsb.ru/
•
Developed
new
applications
in
Lotus
Notes,
which
results
in
improvement
of
bank 
clerks'
workflow 
•
Revised
and
optimized
existing
applications,
such
as
passes
to
bank
cash 
desk,
meetings
of
bank
collegial
bodies,
trainings 
•
Integrated
IBM
Lotus
Notes/Domino
applications
with
other
systems 
•
Collected
customer
requirements.
Maintained
and
supported
applications
Financial
Analyst
October
2012
-
December
2014 
Financial
Accountant
December
2010
–
October
2012
Probusiness
Bank
,
Russia 
•
Developed
Excel
macro
to
increase
productivity 
•
Provided
analysis
of
financial
data
using
data
query
tools
such
as
SQL
•
Analyzed
various
divisions'
performance
and
maintained
process
automation
Educa tion
Saratov
State
University ,
Saratov ,
Russia
2004-2009 
Masters
in
Mechanics,
Mathematics
related
discipline 
WES
badge:
https://www .youracclaim.com/badges/c6a75c01-1e81-4f29-83d3- 
848e9318129e/public_url

115: Alexandr Burakov.pdf
AlexandrBurakov
(+38)097-000-81-95
|buaaaov.r@gmail.com
|linkedin.com/in/alex-burakov/
|github.com/Anvaaandre
EDUCATION
MFTISep2019–June2023B a c h e l o ro fC o m p u t e rS c i e n c eM o s c o w
•Relevantcoursework:algorithmsanddatastructures,OOP,calculus,linearalgebra,advancedgraphtheory
•GPA–4.20outof5
EXPERIENCE
DataScientistMar2021–PresentF o z z yG r o u pM o s c o w
•Conductedresearchandimplementedembeddingmodelsthathelpedwithcold-startforecasting
•Reviewedandrefactoredprojectcodebase,whichledtomuchfasteriterationandonboardingprocess
•Performedmultiplefeatureengineering&selectioncycles,leadingtohigherandmuchcleanerscores
•Participatedinearly-stageprojectevaluation:frominterpretingbusinesstaskasMLproblemtofirstMVPs
•ContributedtoestablishingpipelinestandardsanddocumentationMachineLearningEngineerJan2021–Mar2021C o m p u t e rV i s i o ns t a r t u pu n d e rN D AM o s c o w
•Carriedouterroranalysisandengineeredseveralfeatureswhichleadto15%increaseinmodel’sperformance
•Developedvisualizationandevaluationtoolsthatleadtoabetterunderstandingofmodel’serror
•Optimizedpost-processingpipelineforreal-timevisualizationsResearcherNov2020–May2021F i d o . a i ,N a U K M AM o s c o w
•PerformedcodeandPRreviews
•Establishedquestionansweringbaseline
•ImplementedLSTMmodelforethnicityclassification
•MadeLinearRegressiontutorialfornewbeesMathandComputerSciencetutorJune2020–Aug2020S e l f - e m p l o y e dM o s c o w
•6studentsofdifferentage(from12to17)
•100%positivefeedbackrate
PROJECTS
OpenCVdemos
|P y t h o n ,O p e n C VAug2020
•Substitutingsheetofpaperwithahoneybadgerimageinreal-time
•DetectionofAruComarkersandfiguringouttheiranglesofrotationinreal-time
•Telegrambotthatsubstitutesallfacesinpicturewithapre-madefacemask
Siameseneuralnetwork
|P y t h o n ,K e r a sJan2019
•Performeddatacollectionandaugmentation
•ImplementedandtrainedaSiameseneuralnetworkwithskip-gramtechnique
•Achieved95%accuracyonpredictingwhethertwochordsareusedinsamecontext
•Publishedaresearchpaperonthisproject
ACHIEVEMENTS
1%of100.000(estimated)participantsinJ u n i o rA c a d e m yo fS c i e n c e so fU k r a i n econtestMar2019PublishedaresearchpaperondeepsimilaritylearningofpianochordswithaSiameseNeuralNetworkOct2018
SKILLS
ProgrammingLanguages:Python,Java,SQL(Postgres,MSSQL),C++andHaskell(beginner)Frameworks:PyTorch(preffered),Keras,LightGBM,Dask
Tools:Anaconda,Git,Linux,Jupyter,Streamlit,MLFlowLibraries:scientificPythonkit(numpy,pandas,matplotlib,etc.),FlaskLanguages:English(advanced),Russian(native)

116: Alexey Melnichnikov.pdf
  Alexey Melnichnikov Software Engineer  Address Moscow, Moscow, 125310 Phone 77777777777777 E-mail example@gmail.com LinkedIn https://linkedin.com/in/    An experienced software engineer with expertise in back-end development of large-scale and projects from the ground-up to runtime. Skilled in directing development with creative and performance-oriented approach. A team player with leadership and mentorship experience, close collaboration with businesses to meet the needs of end users.  Skills Languages: Java, Kotlin, Groovy RDBMS: PostgreSQL, Oracle NoSQL: MongoDB, Cassandra, Clickhouse, Elasticsearch, Hazelcast, Infinispan  Techs: Spring (Core, Cloud, Boot), ORMS (Hibernate, MyBatis), Java specs ( JMS, JAX-RS, JAX-WS), JUnit, Spock, Testcontainers, GraphQL, Vert.X, Kafka, RabbitMQ, Docker (Swarm, Compose), Proxmox VE, SOA/REST/Web Services, WebSockets Tools: Jira, GitHub, BitBucket, GitLab, TeamCity, Ansible VCS: Git, Svn, Mercurial (HG) Methodology : Agile, Scrum, Kanban, TDD Web Servers: Nginx, Tomcat, Netty, Jetty Work History  Mar 2019 - Current Software Engineer Mail.ru Group, Moscow Project: Financial marketplace for entrepreneurs развивай.рф (razvivai.rf) Accomplishments: Implemented MWP and shipped it to production for 4 months. Developed system architecture. Profiled and tuned up all JVM apps. As a result, decreased the price of infrastructure by two. Techs: Java, Kotlin, Groovy, PostgreSQL(debezium), Docker Swarm (migration process 
  May 2017 - Apr 2020             Apr 2016 - Mar 2019                  Jul 2014 - Apr 2016 to Kubernetes), Kafka. Lead Software Engineer Divico LLC, Moscow Project: Internal bloggers search platform. Team lead, a distributed team of 5. Accomplishments: Created infrastructure from scratch using Proxmox virtualization and Docker. Organized code review process. Official Beta version was shipped on time. Created analytics dataflow of YouTube, Instagram, VK bloggers, which helped to analyze trends in social networks. That highly increased marketing revenue. Created report management which automated major part of manual labour of some departments. Techs: Java, Scala, PostgreSQL, Clickhouse, Cassandra, Docker Swarm, RabbitMQ, Spring Dataflow, Elasticsearch. Software Engineer Nexign, Moscow Projects: MegaFon( tier 1 telecom operator ) customer portal API, Billing API, Push notifications API, support chat service. Opensource template engine development https://github.com/MegafonWebLab /histone-java2 Billing Platform, API Gateway service Accomplishments: Orchestrated efficient large-scale software deployments, including testing features, correcting code and code reviewing. I designed and developed a support chat that facilitated communication with end users. Contributed to Histone2 template engine. Main developer of API Gateway service, which served as main API composition layer in new Billing platform. Assisted with the interviewing and hiring of software engineers. Techs: Java, Vert.x, MongonDB, PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, Zookeeper, Docker Swarm. Software Engineer Eldorado LLC, Moscow Projects: Online store eldorado.ru and mobile application for employees. Accomplishments: Took a significant part in the development of online platform on SAP Hybris platform. Rewrote PL/SQL business logic to Java API. Created a mobile application using Apache Cordova. Techs: Java, JS(Apache Cordova), Oracle. 
 Education  Sep 2007 - Jun 2013 Master of Science: Electrical And Electronics Engineering Moscow Aviation Institute - Moscow  Certifications Sep 2016 Coursera Course Certificates: Functional Programming Principles in Scala  Mar 2017 Coursera Course Certificates: Functional Program Design in Scala  Apr 2017 Coursera Course Certificates: Parallel programming 


117: Alex Morozko.pdf
A l e xM o r o z k o
+ 3 7 4( 9 1 )0 0 02 5 3a a a n . m o r o z k o 0 1 @ g m a i l . c o mg i t h u b . c o m / o l - a a a r o z k o
E ducationS a i n tP e t e r s b u r gS t a t eU n i v e r s i t yJ u l y2 0 2 3B a c h e l o ro fS o f t w a r ea n dA d m i n i s t r a t i o no fI n f o r m a t i o nS y s t e m sG P A :4 . 7 2o u to f5ExperienceS o f t w a r eE n g i n e e r ,A r kn e t w o r k s
−Y e r e v a n ,A r m e n i aO c t2 0 2 2
−P r e s e n t
•E x p a n d e dR N I Ct e s tc o v e r a g eb y5 0 %b yi m p l e m e n t i n gt e s tc a s e su s i n gI n f i n i B a n dV e r b sA P I
•C o l l a b o r a t e dw i t ha3 0 - m e m b e ri n d u s t r i a lt e a mi ni m p r o v i n gap r o p r i e t a r yd i s t r i b u t e dm u l t i - t h r e a d e dH WN I Cv e r i f i c a t i o ns y s t e mw r i t t e ni nCa n dB a s h
•A u g m e n t e dt h ee x p e c t a t i o ns u b s y s t e mt ov a l i d a t eV i r t I O - N e tp a c k e tr e c e i v ef i l t e r i n gf e a t u r e s
E m b e d d e dS o f t w a r eE n g i n e e r ,O K T E TL a b s
−S a i n tP e t e r s b u r g ,R u s s i aO c t2 0 1 9
−O c t2 0 2 2
•A c c e l e r a t e da u x i l i a r yk e r n e ll o a d i n go nW i - F ir o u t e r sb y6 5 %b ym i g r a t i n gf i r m w a r el o a d i n gc o d ef r o mu s e rs p a c et oak e r n e lt h r e a d
•D e s i g n e da n di m p l e m e n t e dA P If o ru s i n gt h es e r i a lp o r td e v i c ef i l eb e f o r em o u n t i n gar o o tf i l e s y s t e m
•A c c e l e r a t e dO p e n O n l o a df u z z i n gb y5 0 xt i m e su s i n gm e m o r ys n a p s h o t sf u z z i n gt e c h n i q u e
•D i s c o v e r e do n ec r i t i c a lb u gi na no p e n - s o u r c eu s e r - l e v e ln e t w o r ks t a c kO p e n O n l o a db yu t i l i z i n gf u z z i n g
•D e v e l o p e daL i n u xk e r n e lm o d u l et os t o r es e r i a ld e v i c el o g sf r o mt h es t a r to ft h es y s t e m ,w h i c ha l l o w e dt oi d e n t i f yt h r e eu n a d d r e s s e dk e r n e lc r a s h e s
•M a i n t a i n e dL E Ds u b s y s t e mi nU - B o o tf o rd i v e r s eW i - F ir o u t e rm o d e l s ,e n a b l i n gL E Dc o n t r o lw i t h i nU - B o o t
Pr ojectsN y x - N e tc o n t r i b u t i o ng i t h u b . c o m / n y x - f u z z / p a c k e r / p u l l / 2 3
•E x t e n d e da no p e n - s o u r c ef u z z e rN y x - N e tw i t ht h ec a p a b i l i t yo ff u z z i n gs o c k e tA P I - i n t e r c e p t i n gl i b r a r i e sb yi m p l e m e n t i n gr e a ln e t w o r km o d e
•A c c e l e r a t e dO p e n O n l o a df u z z i n gs p e e db y5 0 xt i m e su s i n ge x t e n d e dN y x - N e t
A F L N e tc o n t r i b u t i o ng i t h u b . c o m / a f l n e t / a f l n e t / p u l l / 7 0
•E x t e n d e da no p e n - s o u r c ef u z z e rA F L N e t ,a l l o w i n gi tt of u z za p p l i c a t i o n si nas e p a r a t en e t w o r kn a m e s p a c e
•D i s c o v e r e do n ec r i t i c a lb u gi na nO p e n O n l o a da p p l i c a t i o na c c e l e r a t o rb yf u z z i n gi tw i t hA F L N e t
P C A PP a r s e rg i t h u b . c o m / o l - i m o r o z k o / p c a p - p a r s e r
•D e v e l o p e daC + +P C A Pp a r s e rf o ras u b s e to ft h eS P E C T R AS I M B Ap u b l i cm a r k e td a t af e e d
•E m p l o y e dd e s i g np a t t e r n sf o re a s i l ye x t e n d a b l ea n df l e x i b l ec o d e ,e n a b l i n gs e a m l e s si n t e g r a t i o nw i t hf u t u r eu p d a t e sa n dp r o t o c o l s
E x e c - o n - b o a r dt o o lg i t h u b . c o m / o l - i m o r o z k o / e x e c - o n - b o a r d
•D e v e l o p e das i n g l e - b i n a r yT e l n e tc l i e n t+T F T Ps e r v e rt of a c i l i t a t ew o r kw i t he m b e d d e dd e v i c e s
A chie v ementsR u s s i a nN a t i o n a lO l y m p i a di nI n f o r m a t i c s
−S e m i - F i n a l sW i n n e rM a r2 0 1 9
•S e m i - f i n a l so ft h el a r g e s tc o m p u t e rs c i e n c ec o m p e t i t i o nf o rh i g hs c h o o ls t u d e n t si nR u s s i a
•6 2 n dp l a c eo u to fm o r et h a n1 8 0 0 0p a r t i c i p a n t s
SkillsL a n g u a g e s :C ,C + + ,B a s h ,P y t h o n ,O C a m l ,S Q LT e c h n o l o g i e s :R D M A ,F u z z i n g ,N e t w o r k i n g ,T C P / I P ,K e r n e lB y p a s s ,G i t ,M a k e


118: Alina   MANAFLI.pdf
 Alina  MANAFLI  +46 764 595 000 aaaaaamanafli@gmail.com      EDUCATION  9/2019 – 6/2021 Expected    1/2020 - 1/2021 Expected   Tallinn University of Technology MSc Computer and Systems Engineering, GPA 4.4/5.O Computer Systems Engineering, Object Oriented Programming  Uppsala University NORDTEK Exchange Studies, Computer Science, GPA 5.O/5.O Software Engineering and Project Management, Advanced Computer Architecture, Computer Graphics, Low-Level Parallel Programming, Parallel Programming for EPciency, Computer Networks, Agile and Extreme Project Management  9/2015 - 6/2019 Lomonosov Moscow State University BSc Applied Mathematics, GPA 5.O/5.O Programming in C/C++, Discrete Mathematics, Parallel Programming, Linear Algebra, Calculus, Math- ematical Statistics, Methods of Optimisation, Numerical Methods  7/2017 - 8/2017 Peter the Great St.Petersburg Polytechnic University Summer School in Microelectronic Devices Programming   EXPERIENCE  8/2020 - 11/2020 Ongoing      8/2020 - 11/2020 Ongoing   Kuehne + Nagel Tallinn, Estonia (remote) IT Trainee Designing and developing an open source fullstack application for Supply Chain Management of a fictional business. React /  Spring /   HTML /   CSS /   Jira Uppsala University Uppsala, Sweden Teaching Assistant Assisting in teaching of the Software Engineering and Project Management course by leading the project work of four groups of students in the role of a Scrum coach and the project’s client. Agile / Scrum /  Kanban  7/2018 – 9/2018 CERN Geneva, Switzerland Openlab Summer Intern Tested and optimized a set of common Question Answering NLP models on The Stanford Question Answering Dataset using Tensorflow . Python / NLP /  Tensorflow /  CUDA 5/2017 - 7/2017 R.I.S.K. Company Baku, Azerbaijan Software Engineer Intern Programmed a voice recorder with Arduino by applying Digital Signal Processing methods. Arduino /  C /   DSP   PROJECTS   August 2020 Conway’s Game of Life Visualizer |   Github  Built a fullstack application in React and Spring to visualize the evolution of alive and dead cells on a grid by the rules described by John Conway. Java /  Spring /   React /   HTML /   CSS  July 2020 Music Advisor |   Github  Created a personal music advisor that makes preference-based suggestions and provides links to new releases and featured playlists through Spotify API. Java / Spotify API /  OAuth  May 2020 Space Simulator |    Youtube  Designed and built a C++ application with OpenGL able to procedurally generate and render a large number of solar systems, allowing the user to move in the created space. Parallelized with OpenMP. C++ / OpenGL / GLSL / OpenMP 
 SKILLS  Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, C, C++ Parallel Programming / GPU: OpenCL, CUDA, OpenMP, OpenGL Web: React, Spring Version Control: Git Languages: English (fluent), Russian (native), Azerbaijani (native)    CERTIFICATES AND AWARDS  Aug 2020 Google Get Ahead Program - Participated in a 8 week virtual program for selected CS students from all over EMEA - The program involved technical challenges, YouTube live training and interview workshops  Jan 2020 Nordplus grant for NORDTEK exchange studies recipient Jan 2020 Kristjan Jaak Study Periods Abroad Scholarship recipient Sep 2019 Dora Pluss Scholarship recipient Dec 2018 Representative of Applied Mathematics Faculty at the Second National Student Conference Nov 2017 Participant of ACM ICPC Subregional Programming contest Jul 2017 Intel FPGA Technical Training, Peter the Great St. Petersburg Oct 2016 Participant of ACM ICPC Subregional Programming contest Sep 2016 Media Team Volunteer at 42nd Chess Olympiad Apr 2016 Participant of the All-Republican Olympiad in Information Science 

119: ALLA VERNIGOR.pdf
ALLA VERNIGOR CONTACTS AND REFERENCES Gmail: vernigor.aaaaa@gmail.com |   EDUCATION Higher School of Economics, Moscow  01.09.2019 – excepted 30.06.2023 Excepted degree: Bachelor in Applied Mathematics and Information Science Current GPA: 8.97 out of 10 (5.0 out of 5)  TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE Projects • Educational projects: (2019, C++17) Hashtable (separate chaining with linked lists) realization,  • Other projects: – (2020, Python3) Browser version of the board game Dixit (Imanginarium). In the project, I was responsible for back-end and testing,  – (2020, Python3) RuzoomBot. A telegram bot that sends information about a group lesson or a specific student’s lesson (including the auditorium for offline lessons and a link for online lessons) to the subscribed chats and channels before the start of the lesson,  – (2020, Python3) VKlinkParser. When you send a link from the VK social network to a chat or a channel in a telegram, the bot parses the post, the link to which was received, and sends it to the chat or channel, but in the correct format,  Technical skills • Algorithms and Data structures  CONTESTS AND COMPETITIONS • Hackathons:(2020, C++17, Python3) won the GSOM-hack (group competition). The goal was to solve the modification of pickup and delivery problem with time windows to optimize the routs for service buses. Our solution was Grouping Genetic Algorithm written on C++17 (The work with the data was carried out in python). • Contests. School:(C/C++) Participated in mathematics and programming individual and team olimpiads. Participated in regional stages of the All-Russian Olympiad(10th-11th grade). Prize-winner of group regional programming olimpiad (2017-2018, C). • Contests. University:(2019-2020, C++) Participated in Google Code Jam for Women, Google Code Jam and Hash Code.  WORK EXPERIENCE • (12th July 2020 – 25th December 2020) Continue to work on the project from the hackathon for release to production and help with tasks for other projects related to ours (such as conducting experiments with gRPC).  PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES Main language: С++17 (20) | Also know: Python3 | Competitive programming only: C  ASSOCIATED EXPERIENCE • Helped in organizing school programming contests (testing, organization) • Teaching Assistant in Linear Algebra and Geometry (I help students in mastering the material, and the teacher with checking oral and written works) 

120: Aman Yersultan.pdf
Aman Yersultan  Almaty, Kazakhstan   +7 747 5652000  EDUCATION International IT University, Almaty, Kazakhstan Bachelor of Computer Science, September 2016 - June 2020; GPA: 3.56/4.00 ▪ Won a scholarship and grant to study abroad in Schmalkalden, Germany, April-August 2019. ▪ Dean’s list 3rd ,4th, 7th semester.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Crystal Spring, Almaty, Kazakhstan Android Developer, October 2019-Present Developed app used by 100K+ users for store Miniso. ▪ Built Android app in Kotlin by using MVVM with android architecture components. ▪ Implemented backend driven UI architecture. ▪ Help to increase company revenue through online purchases. ▪ Collaborated with designer and backend developer to create QR bonus system, search by barcode. ▪ Integrated payment system to save card and pay by card. ▪ Deep link handling to open link in the appropriate application page or share product link via social networks. Investment app to track stocks and to trade stocks. ▪ Implemented real-time bidirectional communication with server side through Socket. ▪ Developing an application to manage portfolio with functional features like: - add ticker to watch list to easily track stock price of ticker - buy or sell tickers - investment ideas for buying or selling a ticker via forecasts - get exchange rate  PERSONAL PROJECT Developed platform for organizing hiking event to the natural places: multiplatform application to provide services to find companions and gather them in groups to hike together and inform about routes, weather and tips. § Built RESTful API backend service and created endpoints in Golang using Clean Architecture intended for an iterating with logistic processes for mobile and web app. Wrote a specification for API. § Implemented the integration of backend service with third-party APIs to store image in cloud storage, get weather. § Designed architecture and constructed database part with MongoDB Atlas. § Developing android part with teammate. Integrated with 3D map service with real time GPS navigation.  LANGUAGES AND TECHNOLOGIES Kotlin, Java, Golang, SQL Coroutines, RxJava, Dagger 2, Koin, MVVM, Google Jetpack 


121: ANDREW MIRONOV.pdf
  ANDREW MIRONOV  Moscow, Russia • +79257810000 •cv@mail.me      September 2018 - Present Senior Full Stack Developer Work History DevOps Engineer / Lead Developer of the Platform Team Heartland Retail (50 employees, web-based POS system) Led the migration to Docker and Kubernetes Built a Kubernetes platform from scratch with dedicated staging and production environments Created a CI pipeline in Buildkite for the staging and production environments Packaged the system components into 29+ Terraform modules and 4+ Helm charts Setup Datadog dashboards and alerts for infrastructure monitoring Migrated the development environment from Vagrant to 15 Docker services, and built tooling around that Implemented a platform for on-demand testing environments allowing developers to spin up an independent copy of the application in under 5 minutes Moved all clients from Rackspace to Kubernetes on AWS, and saving thousands of dollars in monthly infrastructure costs Introduced the RFC discussion process to gather team feedback before implementing features Extracted a loosely coupled internal service out of the monolith and designed a distributed event log with Redis Stream   Technologies: Redis, Kubernetes, Terraform, Helm.  May 2015 - September 2018 Senior Full Stack Developer Heartland Retail (50 employees, web-based POS system) Independently developed dozens of new modules by analyzing the requirements and coming up with an integrated full-stack solution Extended the reporting system with several dimensions and metrics Integrated the application with Shopify enabling hundreds of clients to start selling online during the COVID-19 lockdown Connected the POS with Scraffic Traffic Counting services and QuickBooks accounting software Developed the Sales Plans, Layaway and Employee Timecards modules integrated with the reporting system   Technologies: React, JavaScript, TypeScript, Ruby, Sinatra, Rails, PostgreSQL.  Feb 2015 - Present Full Stack Developer / Founder Masterbot (RU) (1 employee, bot platform for Telegram) Spearheaded the chatbot revolution on Telegram Launched a chat marketing platform reaching 25,000+ of subscribers for the most popular Russian blogger, Ilya Varlamov Arranged a contract with a large Russian news media outlet, Moslenta Set up a marketing solution for a popular collaborative blog, Dirty   Technologies: Ruby, Rails, MySQL. May 2011 - Feb 2015 Senior Full Stack Developer / CIO 7 Pikes (30 employees, POS for pharmacies) Led a team of 20 engineers in developing an ERP/POS system Coordinated the installation of the software at 1,000+ pharmacies Designed and implemented resilient software architecture Developed the core Sales module integrated with cash drawers and payment terminals Integrated software with accounting and human resources systems 1C Assisted with recruiting and interviewing of new and potential developers   Technologies: Ruby, Rails, MySQL, Chef.  Jul 2010 - May 2012 Full Stack Developer / Founder Jaconda (2 employees, project team chat) Launched a chat platform for engineering teams that is used by hundreds of leading-edge remote companies Found a way to provide group chat for Google Talk using any instant messengers Contributed file transfers, vCards, and chat statuses support to the popular open-source Ruby XMPP library   Technologies: Ruby, Rails, MySQL, EventMachine for XMPP integration.  Jul 2007 - Jul 2010 Full Stack Developer / Team Lead Piluli.ru (50 employees, the largest Russian online pharmacy) Lead a team of six developers in building a business process management system for the largest online pharmacy in Russia Integrated SIP calling and built an interface for a small call center of five operators Automated order placement and distribution across ten suppliers Provided technical guidance to team members   Technologies: Ruby, Rails, MySQL.  Education 2005 - 2010 Master's Degree, Mathematician/Programmer specialization Orenburg State University (OSU)  2005 - 2010 Additional Qualification, Russian-English translator Orenburg State University (OSU)  Certifications Ruby Association Certified Ruby Programmer Silver Ruby Association LLC  Certified Professional ICAgile  Lean/Kanban Professional LeanKanban University Languages Russian — Native English — Advanced   Open-Source Projects   react-redux-loading-bar - Open-sourced a loading bar (aka, progress bar) for Redux and React blather - Contributed SOCKS5, vCards and chat state notifications support to Ruby XMPP client (XEP-0096, XEP-0065, XEP-0047, XEP- 0054, XEP-0085) external-dns - Contributed support for ExternalName services   Interests & Hobbies Automating my home with Home Assistant on a Raspberry Pi Seeing the world https://mrnv.me/s8mu CrossFit training Downhill skiing Occasional writing at https://blog.mironov.live   

122: Andrey Maximov.pdf
Andrey Maximov Full-Stack Developer  amaximov.off@gmail.com   +7916793111  PROFILE   Full-stack developer adept in working in both front-end and backend development processes with 3 year of experience in Python, Django REST, JS, React, SQL. Well versed in programming design, development, and implementation of functional specifications. Knowledge of different programming languages and various development tools and frameworks.   SKILLS  Python Django REST, FastAPI, Celery, libraries (pdfkit, xlsxwriter, datetime, etc) NodeJS React, MobX, Redux, Math, Canvas SQL PostgreSQL, MySQL Git version control Docker CI/CD pipelines HTML & CSS Agile methodologies Security and data protection Troubleshooting and debugging    PROJECTS  Microservice Application  Python, Apache Kafka, Zookeeper, KafkaConnector, Docker, Postgresql, MongoDB, Elasticsearch 02/2023 – 03/2023 Creating a microservice application using Apache Kafka to update the information between databases. Development of a Secure Smart Home Management Service  JavaScript, React, Mobx, Docker, CI/CD 09/2022 – 06/2023 Development of client's part of security service and automation of smart home management processes using JS React. The system has a dynamic smart home design module which was developed using library Mobx and Canvas component. Parser for data collection  Python (selenium, browsermobproxy, json, requests) 08/2023 – 08/2023 The parser for collecting data from a website using a proxy server and API requests. Development of a Graphical Application Using the MVC Pattern  QT, SQL 09/2022 – 11/2022 A graphical application that writes/reads data from a database entity to/from a local file on a computer. Development of a Client-Server Application with Database Design and Creation  QT, SQL 01/2022 – 05/2022 The client-server application that works with SQL server. The software part was developed in QT. The client can add, edit and delete records. A relational database was designed and created. French Numbers Parser  Python (re library) 12/2022 – 01/2023 A software that converts numbers written in French in cursive into Roman numerals. Team collaboration and communication   EDUCATION  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  Full-Stack Developer Information Technology Center 08/2022 – present | Moscow, Russia  Created 10+ API modules   Developed 50+ different React components  Provided interaction of a client and server components  Code review  Worked directly with the database  Configured Docker and CI/CD (Python Django REST, JavaScript React, SQL, Docker, CI/CD)   Bachelor of Technology - BTech / Information Systems and Technologies MIREA (Russian Technological University) Thesis: Development of a Secure Smart Home Management Service  LANGUAGES   English Russian 


123: Andrey Pichugin.pdf
AndreyPichugin
Georgia,Tbilisi|+995500067215|kiraaapichugin.work@gmail.com|LinkedIn
JavaSoftwareEngineer
SummarySoftwareengineer,specializinginenterpriseJavaprojects.Ihaveover4yearsofproductionreadydevelopmentinJavaanditsframeworks,suchasSpringandHibernate.Myexpertiseincludesdevelopingnewfeatures,participatingincodereviews,maintainingandupdatingexistingprojects,sustainingdevelopmentenvironmentsanddeliverypipelines.
TechnicalSkills
•Java,JavaScript.
•SpringFramework(Core,Boot,Web,Security,Data,AOP),Hibernate,PostgreSQL,MongoDB.
•JUnit,Mockito,PowerMock.
•Git,Jira,Jenkins,Maven,Gradle,Docker,Kubernetes,Kibana,Logstash,Elasticsearch,Openshift.
Experience
SoftwareEngineer|Five9Inc.|Feb2021–Jun2022
DevelopmentandmaintenanceofJavaAPIserver,responsibleformanagingcalls,andrespectiveVoIPsoftwaresolutionbasedonFreeSWITCH.
•InvestigatedandfixedmemoryleaksbytrackingstuckcallchannelsanddroppedeventsusingElasticsearch,Logstash,andKibanastacktotrackexecutionflowfailures,thereforeincreasingservernodesuptimeby30%.
•EnsuredconsistencyandstabilityofservernodesincaseofsystemfailuresbyperformingJavaandCcodeanalysisandtestinginmorethan60failoverscenarios.
•Increasedproject’sunittestcoverageby20%bycoveringmostofthecontrolleranddatabaseconnectionclasses.
•EnhanceddatabasecleanupBashscriptsbyimplementingmultithreadedexecution,improvingtheirruntimeby50%,whichacceleratedservernode’srestarttime.
•Astheownerofthedevelopertestingenvironment,decreaseditsdowntimemorethantwicebyimprovingmaintenanceproceduresandcreatingcorrespondingdocumentation.
Full-StackDeveloper/CustomerSupportEngineer|NetcrackerTechnology|Mar2018–Jan2021WebsitedevelopmentbasedonLiferayPortalplatformbuiltinJavaandJavaScript.
•Supportedmajorwebsitereleasewithmorethan500thousandvisitorspermonthduring4monthsbusinesstriponsite.
•ImplementedOpenIDauthenticationandIdentityProviderintegrationwithLiferayPortal.
•ProvidedmappingfornewcategoryofproductobjectsincatalogmodelbyintroducingnewAPIsandSQLqueries.
•Improvedperformanceforbulkmultithreadedobjectsloadingbyoptimizingobjectbatchesandremovingunnecessaryprocedures,whichimprovedproductcatalogmappingdurationfrom30to15minutes.
•Coachedanewsupportteamof7peopleontheprojectintwoweeks.
•Fixedcacheversioningissue,removingnecessitytorestartservertoapplychangestocatalog,saving20minutesspentonmaintenanceduringbackendupdatesandinstallations.
Education
•VolgaStateUniversityofWaterTransport|2018:TechnicalMaintenanceandExploitationofRadioElectronicEquipment–Specialist.

124: ANDREY PODKIDYSHEV.pdf
ANDREY
PODKIDYSHEV
Email
:
paaaidyshev.as@phystech.edu
tg:
KusokaaPT
Mobile
:
+7
925
0003843
S
KILLS
•
Development
:
Python,
Bash,
Git,
C++,
Docker,
Jira/YouTrack,
Flask
and
OpenAPI,
React(base),
Spark(base) 
•
ML
:
Pandas,
Scipy,
Numpy,
Matplotlib,
Sklearn,
PyTorch,
Catboost,
XGBoost,
Prophet,
Statsmodels 
•
Analytics
:
SQL,
A/B
testing,
Hypothesis
testing,
Statsmodels,
Plotly 
•
DL
:
Pytorch,
Pytorch-forecasting,
DL
in
NLP,
DL
in
CV
(base),
Practical
RL
(base) 
•
Knowledge
:
Algorithms,
Data
Structures,
Machine
Learning,
Deep
Learning
in
CV/NLP
fundamental,
Concurrent
Computing,
Distributed
Systems,
L
A
TEX,
Natural
Language
Processing
E
XPERIENCE
x5
Retail
Group
Moscow,
Russia
•
Data
Analyst
Feb
2021
-
Present
Created
new
features
for
exist
scoring
model
that
improves
AUC
metric.
Now,
I
am
in
process
of
developing
new
scoring
model,
creating
features
for
improving
scoring
metrics
and
creating
full
pipeline.
BostonGene
Moscow,
Russia
•
Developer,
’Named
entity
recognition
service’
Jun
2020
-
Feb
2021
Developed
service
that
allows
a
user
to
manually
markup
abstracts
of
oncology
articles
with
the
opportunity
to
use
an
auto-recognition
NER
system.
I
built
a
full-stack
web
site
in
React
with
Flask
and
SQLAlchemy.
Moscow
Institute
of
Physics
and
Technology
Moscow,
Russia
•
Undergraduate
Teaching
Assistant,
”Applied
Mathematical
Statistics”
course
Sep
2020
-
Dec
2020
Developed
assignments
for
students
in
Jupyter
Notebook
format.
The
tasks
were
about:
point
estimation,
confidence
interval,
bootstrap
method,
properties
of
statistical
estimates,
methods
for
finding
estimates,
testing
statistical
hypotheses,
linear
regression.
Tinkoff
Bank
Moscow,
Russia
•
Analyst
Intern
Jun
2019
-
Sep
2019
Built
a
robust
machine
learning
model
to
predict
next
month’s
credit
card
utilization.
Achieved
better
quality
using
additional
models
such
as
KMeans
for
clustering.
I
resorted
to
using
Tableau
to
fast
and
easy
reports
for
my
colleagues.
P
ROJECTS
Time
series
forecasting
library
[Bachelor
thesis]
Tinkoff
bank,
Moscow,
Russia
Jun.
2020
-
Present
Developed
an
AutoML
library
for
time
series
forecasting.
It
has
an
ability
to
work
with
the
external
feature(like
weather
or
dollar
exchange
rate).
Created
own
architrave
which
makes
it
easy
to
add
new
models.
Today
it
includes
a
lot
of
models
such
as
Prophet(Facebook),
Catboost(Yandex),
DeepAR(Amazon),
SARIMAX(statsmodels),
and
Deep
Learning
models
from
gluonTS
and
pytorch-forecasting
libraries.
Style
Transfer
asynchronous
telegram
bot
[Pet
project]
Online,
Solo
project
Dec.
2020
-
Feb
2021
Developed
telegram
asynchronous
bot
with
a
simple
queue
scheduler,
deployed
it
to
Heroku.
Implemented
two
styles
of
transfer
algorithms.
The
first
is
vanilla
NST,
I
used
the
VGG19
model,
took
some
convolution
layers,
and
used
special
content/style
loss
to
create
a
new
picture.
The
second
is
the
cycleGan
.
The
third
is
API
solution
by
DeepMind.
The
third
considered
way
of
styling
is
API
solution
by
DeepMind.
E
DUCATION
Moscow
Institute
of
Physics
and
Technology
Moscow,
Russia 
Computer
Science
Sept.
2017
-
Jul.
2021 
Average
score
-
4.55/5.00
(top
10%
of
the
course) 
Math
courses:
Mathematical
statistics,
Probability
Theory,
Higher
Mathematics,
Optimization
methods 
Computer
Science
courses:
Machine
Learning,
Deep
Learning
coursers(NLP,
CV,
RL
-
basics),
Data
Engineering,
C++, 
Python,
Algorithms
and
Data
Structures,
Distributed
computing,
Databases
A
DDITIONAL
E
DUCATION
Open
Courses
Online
classes
Coursera
and
DL
coursers
Jun.
2019
-
Feb.
2021 
Machine
Learning
and
Data
Analyses
specialization
(by
Yandex)
Python
programming,
Continuous
Delivery
and
DevOps,
C++
programming,
NLP
YSDA
course,
CS231n
(CV
by
Stanford)

125: Anna Shemerey.pdf
Anna	Shemerey	SOFTWARE ENGINEER +7-920-234-11-11 | mail@mail.ru | Plechanova str.32-54, Moskow, Russia     EXPERIENCE  Business News Media ZAO, Moscow,	Russia	—	Senior Software Engineer SEPTEMBER 2018 - PRESENT Designed	and	implemented	comments	service	via	WebSockets	(Go,	Ruby,	Postgresql,	RabbitMQ,	Redis).	Proposed	a	way	to	change	the	client	requests	logic	decreasing	DB	load	by	21%.		Implemented	functionality	to	meet	the	requirements	of	new	laws	passed	by	the	Federal	Tax	Service	(VAT	rate	changed,	a	new	type	of	receipt	put	into	circulation)	(Ruby,	MSSql	remote	procedures,	PostgreSQL).	Refactored	legacy	code	reducing	the	time	the	users	spend	on	registration	by	16%.			BillBored Inc, St	John’s,	Canada	—	Software Developer FEBRUARY 2018 - SEPTEMBER 2018 Implemented	functional	testing	for	an	SDK	in	Elixir	(ExUnit,	VCR,	XML-based	third	parties	APIs).		Unlimited Technologies, Moscow,	Russia	—	Software Developer MAY 2016 - FEBRUARY 2018 Designed	and	implemented	a	push	service	via	FCM	and	APNS	integrated	with	all	client	platforms.	(Elixir,	Erlang,	Postgresql,	Kafka,	Redis).		Business Car LLC (Toyota Tsusho Corporation subsidiary), Moscow,	Russia	—	Software Developer JULY 2015 - APRIL 2016 Designed	and	implemented	a	questionnaire	section	of	the	inner	CRM	system	decreasing	the	preservice	time	by	15%.	(Ruby,	RoR).		Forward Media Group, Moscow,	Russia	—	Advertising Sales Director JANUARY 2009 - JULY 2015 Managed	and	implemented	ad	sales	plan	covering	all	production	and	editorial	costs	of	the	original	Russian	glossy	magazine	(Story	magazine).		VI, Moscow,	Russia	—	Advertising Sales Director 2003 - 2008 As	part	of	a	team	launched	HELLO!	Magazine	in	Russia.	The	ad	sales	plan	was	outstripped	by	30%	in	the	first	year	and	by	15%	in	the	second	one.	Participated	in	annual	marketing	events	(Baselworld,	SIHH)	that	increased	the	part	of	the	luxury	segment	in	ad	budget	by	60%.		Computerra Publishing House, Moscow,	Russia	—	Marketing	and	Advertising Manager 2003 Elaborating	advertising	and	promotional	materials	about	the	company’s	projects,	ad	sales.	SUMMARY 4+	years	of	experience	in	Golang,	Ruby,	Elixir,	and	Erlang	programming.	I'm	a	self-taught	person	with	experience	in	designing	and	implementing	software.	Proven	ability	to	write	maintainable,	quality	code	covered	with	tests.	Strong	yearning	for	perfect	results,	based	on	elegant	solutions	and	latest	technologies.	Used	to	working	under	pressure	to	meet	tight	deadlines	and	handling	unpredicted	changes.	I	also	have	10+	years	of	wide	experience	in	Advertising	&	Sales	with	major	Publishing	Russian	companies	on	top	positions	with	strong	skills	in	starting	new	projects.				SKILLS  Golang, Ruby, Elixir, Erlang, PostgreSQL, Cassandra, Mnesia, Kafka, RabbitMQ, Redis, Memcached, ElasticSearch, Docker, Git    EDUCATION  Bauman Moscow State Technical University, Moscow	2016 - 2019 B.S.	in	Computer	Software	Engineering			Lomonosov Moscow State University, Moscow	1999 - 2004 M.S.	in	Developmental	and	Child	Psychology				PROJECTS  Vedomosti —	print and online newspaper services (vedomosti.ru, hbr-russia.ru).  Express —	enterprise messaging app.  Business Car —	CRM system spanning all departments of Toyota dealers in Russia. 

126: Anton Garkavy.pdf
Anton	Garkavy	Email:	anton2906x@gmail.com	Software	Engineer	Intern	Mobile:	+7-929-111-26-34		EDUCATION	Belarusian	State	University	Minsk,	Belarus	Bachelor’s	degree	in	Computer	Science	September	2018	—	Expected	2022	Yandex	School	of	Data	Science	Moscow,	Russia	Master’s	level	program,	Machine	Learning	development	track	September	2019	—	Expected	2021	Cumulative	GPA:	4.63/5.00	Relevant	courses:	Probability	and	Statistics,	Machine	Learning,	Computer	Vision,	Natural	Language	Processing,	Deep	Learning,	Reinforcement	Learning,	Python,	C++,	GoLang,	Algorithms	and	Data	Structures,	BigData,	Parallel	and	Distributed	Computations		WORK			EXPERIENCE	Yandex	Minsk,	Belarus	Software	Engineer	Intern	July	2020	—	October	2020	Used	Python	for	exploring	machine	learning	algorithms	used	to	predicting	travel	times	for	Yandex.Taxi	services	with	50M+	users	and	2B+	rides	Deep	neural	networks	of	various	architectures	were	trained,	however,	incorporating	further	structure	from	the	road	network	proved	difficult	• Besides	exploring	machine	learning	models,	I	also	used	C++	for	testing	&	bug	fixing	taxi	backend	services Yandex	Moscow,	Russia	Software	Engineer	Intern	July	2019	—	October	2019	Used	C++	to	implement	a	new	approach	for	finding	similar	images	using	state-of-the-art	machine	learning	algorithms	for	Yandex.Images	service	with	6K+	QPS.	Gain	a	4x	time	boost	• Optimized	the	logic	for	determining	the	similarity	of	texts.	Gain	a	1.2x	memory	reduction • Experience	with	BigData,	MapReduce	technology PROJECTS	JPEG	decoder:	Baseline	sequential	mode	of	JPEG	decoder,	written	in	C++	using	OOP	and	various	algorithms	such	as	Huffman	decoding	Code	style	checker	for	C++:	The	utility	checks	the	names	used	in	the	code	for	compliance	with	the	Google	Styleguide,	and	also	looks	for	potential	typos	in	these	names	relying	on	the	Levenshtein	distance.	Written	in	C++	using	the	Clang	tooling	library	Ukrainian-Russian	translator:	Written	in	Python	with	Sklearn	library,	using	embedding	space	mapping	with	optimal	transformation	derived	from	SVD	decomposition.	Used	public	dataset	with	1M	word	pairs	AWARDS	ACM	ICPC,	NEERC	Western	Subregional	Contest	Minsk,	Belarus	—	October,	2018	• Competition	in	sports	programming	among	teams	of	universities	of	the	North	Eastern	Europe,	Western	Subregion • Place	20/46	—	3rd	degree	award Individual	Olympiad	in	informatics	Saint-Petersburg,	Russia	—	March	2018	• Sports	programming	competition	among	schoolchildren	of	Belarus,	Russia	and	Kazakhstan • Place	52/374	—	2nd	degree	award Belarusian	National	Olympiad	in	Informatics	Minsk,	Belarus	—	March	2018	• National	level • Place	45/124	—	3rd	degree	award Top	5%	on	Codeforces	—	Artemx		OTHER	Competitive	programming	mentor	—	preparing	students	for	Belarusian	National	Olympiad	in	Informatics	and	other	programming	contests	• • • • • • • • 
• 

127: Anton Nesterenko.pdf
Dublin, Ireland Stanislav	IG	NA	T	E	V	sttt.ign@gmail.com Employment	Software Engineer Facebook August 2019 — Present • Sped up the customer complaints processing workflow by reducing the amount of time spent on malformed request, saving couple hours/week for 2,000 people. • Separated customer complaints in two streams: one for contractors working from home and another one for full-time employees. The processing delay decreased from 10 days to 1 day. • Implemented and supported the deployment of work status revamp for 20,000 of FB contractors. Software Engineer Yandex September 2017 — August 2019 • Fixed more than 50 bugs over the 2-year timeframe while analyzing the Yandex ad engine, which consists of over 10 subsystems, has 1M RPS and 100ms latency SLA. • Worked on an ad management system. Improved geotargeting, added Yandex phone device targeting. Software Engineer BCS Global Markets May 2016 — September 2017 • Implemented a low latency / high throughput financial data monitoring pipeline with Apache Kafka. • It calculates and shows various data features and latencies (hardware/software delay, time to trade, current position, profit/loss, fees, etc.) processing data with strict no-delay requirements. Software Engineer Opera Software ASA August 2014 — June 2015 • Developed a distributed testing system for browsers. • It prevents bug regressions in the Opera Desktop browser and Chromium project. Software Engineer LLC Tensor Company August 2013 — August 2014 • Developed a service for rendering web pages in pdf and other formats using C++, Python, and JavaScript. • Since January 2014 was mentoring an intern. She ramped up from beginner level to full-time Engineer.  Education	Tallinn, Estonia Baltic Summer School July 2015 • Finished courses on Software Reliability and Information Security. Yaroslavl, Russia Yaroslavl State University August 2009 — July 2015 • Specialist (Master of Science equivalent) in Applied Mathematics and Computer Science. Selinsgrove, PA, USA Susquehanna University August 2012 — May 2013 • Study abroad exchange program. Cumulative GPA: 3.763/4.0. TOEFL score: 103.  Languages	and	Technologies	• Several years’ experience in developing large distributed systems. • Experience with scalable Big Data processing, including both batch and streaming variants. • Proficient in Python, JavaScript, HTML/CSS. Prior experience: SQL, MongoDB, C++, Node.js, Java, C#.  Honors	and	Awards	1st place: Science Drive IV: Mathematics, IT, Physics  May 2014 1st place: Tizen Hackathon Yaroslavl October 2013 1st place: Bucknell Programming Contest, Combo Division April 2013 

128: Anzola AMANBEK.pdf
Anzola
AMANBEK
+77070007850
•
ralkog07@gmail.com
•
linkedin.com/in/aaaabek-faizolla
•
https://github.com/aaaugg
EDUCATION
Kazakh
British
Technical
University
Graduating
May
2025
B.S.
Computer
Systems
and
Software
3.64/4.00
GPA
Relevant
coursework:
Algorithms
and
Data
Structure,
OOP,
Discrete
Math,
Calculus,
Linear
Algebra
TECHNICAL
SKILLS
Languages:
JavaScript,
Golang,
Python,
C++,
Java
Frameworks
and
Databases:
React.js,
Node.js
(Express),
Django,
,PostgreSQL,
Angular,
Gin
Technologies:
Git,
Linux,
Redux,
Docker,
Rest
API,
Postman
Swagger,
Kafka,
Clean
Architecture
EXPERIENCE
Ligeia.AI,
Almaty,
KZ
FrontEnd
Developer
Jan
2023
–
Jun
2023
•
Stack:React.js,
Redux,
Python(Django)
•
Collaborated
with
a
team
of
5
to
design
a
factory-speciﬁc
website
using
Django
(backend),
PostgreSQL
(database),
and
React
.js
(frontend).
•
Crafted
a
real-time
area
chart
widget
using
React.js
and
d3
,
enhancing
data
visualization
capabilities.
•
Automated
UOM
data
extraction
from
POSC
sources
with
Python
,
achieving
a
20%
faster
scraping
speed
;
used
beautifulsoup4
and
pandas
for
data
transformation
into
CSV.
•
Engaged
in
daily
team
discussions
emphasizing
code
reviews
and
task
planning
,
ensuring
high
code
quality
and
alignment
with
project
goals.
APPRENTICESHIP
Nfactorial
Incubator
2022,
Almaty,
KZ
Full
Stack
Web
Development
Bootcamp
Participant
Jun
2022
–
Aug
2022
•
Among
4,000
applicants,
earned
a
spot
among
150
selected
participants
in
the
10-week
international
Bootcamp
•
Focusing
on
HackerRank
algorithmic
contests,
soft
skills,
and
educational
potential,
while
gaining
expertise
in
the
MERN
stack
for
independent
full-stack
web
application
development,
•
Extensive
knowledge
of
Linux,
Git,
and
client-server
architecture
through
practical
assignments,
and
creating
a
React.js-based
web
app
for
anime
quote
discovery.
PROJECTS
Anisearch
Jun
2022
–
Aug
2022
Building
React
app
that
helps
users
to
ﬁnd
an
anime
quote
based
on
keywords.
Link
to
project
•
Stack:React.js,
Node.js
•
Developed
a
React
application
for
discovering
anime
quotes
based
on
keywords,
integrated
the
AnimeChan
API
for
random
quotes,
and
Achieved
a
20%
improvement
in
performance
by
leveraging
expertise
in
React
hooks
and
addressing
and
resolving
codebase
issues.
Golang
e-commerce
app
Apr
2023
-
May
2023
Led
team
of
four
to
design
and
develop
an
e-commerce
app
Link
to
project
•
Stack:Golang,
PostgreSQL,
Docker
•
Implemented
normalized
tables
for
various
user
roles
and
items
in
PostgreSQL
,
bolstered
security
with
JWT
authentication
for
user
registration
and
login,
streamlined
server
and
database
orchestration
using
Docker
Com-
pose
,
and
created
a
Golang
-based
RESTful
API
to
facilitate
seamless
CRUD
operations
for
data
management.


129: Arseniy Konev.pdf
A r s e n i yK o n e v
ML/DLspecialist
arsenkonev@gmail.com
·Mosco w ,
R ussia
EXPERIENCE
•Yandex
M a c h i n eL e a r n i n gD e v e l o p e r-M o s c o w ,R u s s i aD e v e l o p i n g
v i d e or e c o m m e n d e rs y s t e m .Iw o r ko nt h ew h o l ep i p e l i n e :
l o g sp r o c e s s i n g / d a t ac o l l e c t i o n / m o d e l
t r a i n i n g / A B - t e s t i n g / m o d e l sd e p l o y m e n t
March2020onwards
•Yandex.Market
I n t e r na n a l y s t
D e v e l o p e dar e c o m m e n d e rs y s t e mf o rc a t e g o r i e s .R e -
s p o n s i b i l i t i e s :d a t ac o l l e c t i o n / m o d e lt r a i n i n g / A B -t e s t i n g
May-August2019
EDUCATION
•M.S.DataScience
S k o l t e c h
D e v e l o p i n gD Lm o d e l sf o rm u l t i m o d a lt r a j e c t o r yp r e -
d i c t i o nf o rs e l f - d r i v i n gc a r s
2018-2021
•B.S.Physics
L o m o n o s o vM o s c o wS t a t eU n i v e r s i t y
2014-2018
AWARDS&RECOGNITION
•OpenAICaribbeanChallenge
R o o f t o p sc l a s s i f i c a t i o nu s i n gs a t e l l i t ed a t a .U s e dC N N
m o d e l s+s m a r ts t a c k i n g
3 / 1 4 2 5
Linktoapostinorganizers‘blog
•KaggleLyftMotionPredictionforAu-tonomousVehicles
B r o n z e :6 8/9 2 5t e a m s
T h et a s kw a st op r e d i c tt h et r a j e c t o r yo ft h ea g e n t s
( c a r s / b i k e s / p e d e s t r i a n se t c )a r o u n dt h ea u t o n o m o u s
v e h i c l e .Ic o m b i n e dd i f f e r e n ta p p r o a c h e so fp r e t r a i n e d
C N N sa n ds e l f - i m p l e m e n t e dg r a p hn e t sAWARDS&RECOGNITION
•InternationalhackathonIceVisionChal-lenge
T h et a s kw a st od e t e c tr o a ds i n g sw i t ht h ei n f e r e n c e
t i m er e s t r i c t i o n
6/2 6
Link
SKILLS
•Technologies
P y t h o n ,P y t o r c h ,T e n s o r F l o w ,M Ls t a c k( n u m p y ,s c i p y ,
p a n d a s ,s k l e a r ne t c ) ,S Q L
•Math
M a c h i n eL e a r n i n g/D e e pL e a r n i n g( i m p l e m e n t e dc o n -
v o l u t i o n a ln nu s i n gp u r en u m p y ,w r i t i n gf o r m u l a sf o r
b a c k p r o p s )/N u m e r i c a lL i n e a rA l g e b r a/L a r g eS c a l e
O p t i m i z a t i o n/A d v a n c e dS t a t i s t i c a lM e t h o d s
•Languages
R u s s i a n( n a t i v es p e a k e r ) ,E n g l i s h( f l u e n t )
PROJECTS
•OptimalControlofSatelliteModelviaNeuralNetworks[pdf ]
c o m p a r i s o no fd e e pl e a r n i n ga n dr e i n f o r c e m e n t
a p p r o a c h e st ot h et a s ko fo p t i m a lc o n t r o lo fs a t e l l i t e
m o d e l
•A ention/decisionmaps[pdf ]
D e t e c t i n gr e g i o n so fM R Ir e s p o n s i b l ef o rh e a l t h
p r o b l e m


130: Artur Nagimov.pdf
C O N T A C T
E-mail:
rosaaalav.nagimov@gmail.comTelegram:
@roaaaslavnagimovTel.:
+1
408
000
7296P R O F I L E
Frontenddeveloperwith1.5yearsofhands-onexperienceinReact/Nextdevelopment,havingworkedinbothcorporateandfreelancesettings.I'mfueledbyastrongpassionforcontinuouslearningandprofessionalgrowth,andI'mnowembarkingonajourneytobroadenmyexpertisetoencompassbackenddevelopmentaswell.
E D U C A T I O N
FRONTENDDEVELOPER•JULY2023
Professional
certification
by
Meta
B A C H E L O R ’ SD E G R E EA P P L I E DI N F O R M A T I C SI NE C O N O M I C SJULY2023
Siberian
Institute
of
Business
and
Information
Technology
Tomsk,
Russia
K E YS K I L L S
Semantic
HTML
layout
React.js
Next.js
JavaScript
/
TypeScript
CSS
preprocessors
and
libraries
Redux
and
Redux
Toolkit
Jest
and
React
Testing
Library
L A N G U A G E S
English
(B2)
Russian
-
native.E X P E R I E N C E
FRONTENDDEVELOPER•JUNE2023—PRESENT
Freelance
•
CA,
San
Jose
Working
on
various
projects,
including:
-
Developing
user
interfaces
and
components
for
a
web-based
CRM
system
(Peredelano
Projects,
community-based
development).
Stack:
React,
TypeScript,
Vite,
Tailwind.
-
Implementing
a
card
game
for
a
Telegram
bot
Web
App
(private
customer,
solo
development).
Stack:
React,
Redux,
SCSS.
-
Creating
a
functional
web
application
as
a
landing
page
for
a
mobile
app,
implemented
as
a
fully
static
exported
Next.js
app
with
dynamic
routing,
structure,
and
language
versions
(private
customer,
only
frontend
developer
on
the
team).
Stack:
Next.js
(SSG),
TypeScript,
Jest,
SCSS.
FRONTENDDEVELOPER•AUGUST2022—MAY2023
Eventinc 
GmbH
• 
Hamburg, 
Germany 
Working
as
a 
part
of
a 
development 
team.
-
Implemented
layout
and
functional
changes,
as
well
as
developed
new
components,
based
on
Figma
mockups.
This
included
design
adjustments
and
the
creation
of
a
private-data
filtering
system
for
the
internal
messenger
to
reduce
fraud.
Additionally,
refactored
the
filtering
system
to
enhance
its
client-side
capabilities,
thereby
decreasing
server
usage
and
the
number
of
API
calls.
-
Identified
and
resolved
a
wide
array
of
visual
bugs,
actively
participated
in
code
reviews,
and
contributed
to
the
inner-development-QA
process.
-
Created
unit
tests
for
components
using
Jest
and
React
Testing
Library.
Developed
tests
for
Cypress
E2E
testing.
-
Executed
the
development
of
A/B
tests
to
facilitate
data-driven
decisions
regarding
new
features.
-
Engaged
in
refactoring
legacy
code.
Stack:
Next.js,
TypeScript,
SCSS,
LESS,
Jest,
Cypress.
FRONTENDDEVELOPER•MARCH2022—JULY2022
Freelance
•
Phnom
Penh,
Cambodia
Developed
static-content
SPA’s
with
inner
routing
and
form
handling,
utilizing
Bootstrap
styles
and
components,
and
based
on
Figma
mockups
and
existing
sites.
Stack:
React,
React
Router
(HashRouter),
Bootstrap,
Redux.

131: Artyom Orlov.pdf
Ar ty om
Orlo v
iar t2.o@outlook.com
Senior
F r ontend
De v eloper
&
T eam
Lead
+7
91
9320-1005
Visa
sponsorship
r equir ed
Link edIn
T -shaped,
r esponsible,
and
collabor ativ e
Softwar e
Engineer
and
T eam
Lead.
8+
y ears
of
experience
of
de v elopment
in
star tups,
consultancies,
and
pr oduct
companies.
Adv anced
skills
in
fr ontend
de v elopment,
an
exper t
in
Ja v aScript,
v arious
fr ontend
fr ameworks,
and
libr aries.
Compr ehensiv e
knowledge
of
Ja v a
and
back end
utilities.
P assionate
about
user
experience
and
clear
softwar e
ar chitectur e.
F ond
of
teamwork
and
pr oductiv e
meetings.
T echnical
Skills
Languages
T ypeScript,
Ja v aScript,
Ja v a,
Golang
F r ameworks
&
libs
ReactJS,
Sv elte,
E ff ect or ,
Recoil,
Redux,
Apollo
Gr aphQL,
T r eeJS,
OSM,
Expr essJS,
Spring
Pr of essional
Experience
R e m e d y
I n c
Senior
F r ontend
Engineer
&
T eam
Lead
Dec
2019
‑
pr esent
De v eloped
a
ﬂexible
platform
t o
allow
cust omers
t o
choose
a
clinic
and
get
or
or der
some
medical
ser vices
online
●
Migr ated
a
complex
legacy
pr oject
fr om
Ja v aScript/AngularJS
t o
T ypeScript/React
with
unit
and
integr ating
testing
●
Signiﬁcantly
incr eased
accessibility
for
users
with
mobile
de vices
●
De v eloped
and
implemented
UI-libr ar y
with
Unit
tests
and
documentation
based
on
St or ybook
●
Designed
fr ontend
ar chitectur e
●
Leading
and
inﬂuencing
softwar e
engineering
best
pr actices
within
teams
for
the
full
softwar e
de v elopment
lif e
cy cle,
including
documentation,
design,
coding
standar ds,
code
r e views,
building,
testing,
deplo yment,
and
other
oper ations.
●
Led
a
team
of
5
members
V i n a v i s
Senior
Softwar e
Engineer
No v
2018
‑
Dec
2019
De v eloped
a
high-loaded
management
system
for
unmanned
v ehicles
●
Ar chitected
and
de v eloped
a
scalable
r eal-time
ReactJS
application
●
Impr o v ed
per formance
fr om
10
t o
60
FPS
for
the
most
loaded
par ts
of
the
app
●
Implemented
CI/CD
for
the
fr ontend
par t
of
the
application
●
De v eloped
and
Implemented
multi-domain
O A uth-based
authentication
●
De v eloped
and
Implemented
JS
libr ar y
for
on-map
data
visualization
●
Coor dinated
teamwork
of
3
de v elopers
I T e c o
Softwar e
Engineer
&
Senior
Softwar e
Engineer
Apr
2016
‑
No v
2018
De v eloped
and
successfully
deliv er ed
SP A
(par t
of
a
complex
enterprise
solution)
for
letting
clients
book
deposit
bo x es
online
for
one
of
the
biggest
banks
in
Russia
●
De v eloped
and
implemented
a
module
for
r emote
printing
●
Cr eated
about
20
new
components
for
internal
UI
libr ar y
●
Achie v ed
90+%
test
co v er age
on
the
Back end
side
●
Implemented
integr ation
with
other
banking
modules
and
ﬂows
●
Made
se v er al
major
CI/CD
impr o v ements
which
allowed
t o
r educe
deplo yment
time
fr om
17
t o
3
minutes
●
Inter viewed
30
candidates,
ment or ed
4
junior
engineers
F r e e l a n c e
&
W e b
S t u d i o s
( S E M a r k ,
C o n s u l t i n g
p l u s )
W eb
de v eloper
&
Lead
W eb
De v eloper
Sep
2012
‑
F eb
2016
●
De v eloped
v arious
company
pr ojects
as
a
full‑stack
Ja v aScript/PHP
&
P ython
de v eloper
●
Led
de v elopment
of
W eb
and
Mobile
application
●
De v eloped
and
deliv er ed
a
solution
for
municipalities
t o
allow
local
go v ernments
t o
handle
incoming
citiz en ’ s
application
●
Pr ocessed
incoming
business
r equir ement
●
Deliv ering
inno v ativ e
technical
solutions
t o
impr o v e
business
outcomes
●
Implemented
integr ation
with
thir d-par ty
APIs
E ducation
M a s t e r
o f
C o m p u t e r
S c i e n c e
S t a t e
T e c h n i c a l
U n i v e r s i t y ,
2 0 1 6

132: Artyom Poluhin.pdf
EXPERIENCEArtyomPoluhin
LeadSiteReliabilityEngineer89140989647
|rt78@gmail.com
|linkedin
|AuthorizedtoworkintheUS
LeadSiteReliabilityEngineerMay2017–PresentCompany1,CALosAngeles,Remote
•LedandmanagedateamofSr.SREsfor6years,fosteringacollaborativeandhigh-performingmultinationalenvironment,includingsettingKPIs,mentoring,developingroadmaps,andchampioningSREapproachesandcultureacrossthecompany.
•Reducedengineerinvolvementinincidentsby40%byautomatingmanualinstructions.
•DevelopedaservicethatautomatedtheSSLcertificaterenewalandreplacementprocess.
•Provisionedinfrastructure-as-a-codewithself-writtentools(Python,Ansible)andTerraform.
•MigratedtheCloudplatform:Projectplanning,automatedmigrationprocesses,resourcemanagement,andteamcoordination.
•EnhancedtheCI/CDpipelines,resultingina30%reductioninupdateduration.
•Designed&managedservicesinAWS:Route53,ELB,EC2,RDS,S3includingautomationofCLItools.
•Maintaina99.99%SLAforacloudplatform,includingmorethan30datacentersandhundredsofmicroservices.
•Reducedhardwareandlicensecostsby20%withexpertlymanagingcapacityplanningandforecasting,andalignedresultswithmarketing,sales,andR&Ddepartments.
•Implementedanincidentmanagementprocessresultingina45%reductioninincidentsandMTTRby40%.
•ImplementedScrummethodologiestoalignSREobjectiveswithbroaderorganizationalgoals,andenhancetransparencyandaccountability.SrSiteReliabilityEngineerApril2014–May2018Company1,CALosAngeles,Remote
•Designedanarchitecturalprocesstoreviewnewcomponents,whichreducedtimetotheproductionby30%.
•Designed&developedinfrastructureforanon-premisecloudplatformincludinghundredsofphysicalservers.
•DefinedSLA,SLO,andSLIforinfrastructureservices,andconfiguredGrafanaDashboards.
•Reduceupdatetimeby40%byimplementingdistributedJenkinsinfrastructureanddesigningCI/CD.
•Developedautomated&redundantdatabasearchitecturebasedonMariaDB(MySQL).Sr.CloudPlatformEngineerApril2014–April2016Company1,CALosAngeles,Remote
•Manageddistributedstorage:maintenance,deployment,andupdateautomation.
•ManagedCloudPlatform:DeploywithAnsible,maintaineda99.99%SLA.
•Designedanddevelopedinfrastructureforon-premisecloudplatforms.
•Developedprovisioningsystemthatreducedtimetoproductionby40%.Sr.SystemEngineerMay2013–April2014Company1
•Reducedtimetoproductionby40%byautomatingthedeploymentofthedistributedstorage.
•ImplementedmonitoringsystembasedonZabbixandCactiandcovered90%ofsystemswithmonitoring.
•Optimizedhardwareconfigurationandreducedpricebyserverby25%.LinuxadministratorJuly2008–May2013Company2
•ManagedLinuxinfrastructurebasedonthefollowingservices:DHCP,Mailservers,FTP,andDNS.
•PerformedmigrationfromLinuxFedoratoCentos.
•Implementedbackupsofthecoreinfrastructureservices:Databases,Repositories,andMailservers.
TECHNICALSKILLS
Languages:Python,Bash,SQL,GroovyServices:Kubernetes,AWS,Prometheus,Jenkins/Gitlab,MySQL,Nginx,HAproxy,ElasticsearchTools:Git,Docker,Terraform,Ansible,Grafana,Kibana,PagerDuty
Processes:IncidentandCapacitymanagement,SLA/SLO/SLI,Toilautomation,Agile,DevOpsmethodology,DR
EDUCATION
MoscowStateUniversityMajorincomputertechnologyAug.2003–May2008


133: BALAMANOVA ASSEL.pdf
BALAMANOVAASSEL
EDUCA TION
+77010009306
| 
assel.balamanova237
@gmail.com
| 
LinkedIn
|
Kazakhstan,
Almaty
|
Ready
to
relocate
International
Information
Technology
University
Bachelor
of
Information
Systems
Sep.
2016
–
May
2022
FH
Schmalkalden
University
of
Applied
Sciences
Exchange
student
of
faculty
Information
Technologies
Oct.
2018
–
Feb
2019
EXPERIENCE
KCELL
JSC
Software
Developer
|
Java
Spring,
flyway,
mybatis,
redis,
RabbitMQ
Sep
2020
–
now
•
W ork ed
on
back-end
side
of
new
corpor ate
site
of
company
fr om
0
t o
launch 
•
Experience
on
pr oject
migr ated
fr om
monolith
t o
micr oser vices 
•
Star ted
t o
write
code
r e view
for
colleagues 
•
Suppor t
junior
SD
Junior
Software
Developer
|
React,
Java
Spring,
Oracle,
PostgreSQL,
RabbitMQ,
JDBC
Jul
2019
–
Aug
2020
•
W ork ed
t o
optimiz e
internal
web-site
which
pr ocess
million
of
users 
•
E-Registr y
pr oject
for
accountant
and
clients 
•
Logger
and
v alidation
star ter 
•
W ork
t ogether
with
De vOpses
t o
migr ate
pr ojects
fr om
VM
t o
kubernetes
Zero
To
One
Labs
Mobile
Developer
Intern
|
React
Native
Jun
2018
–
Aug
2018
•
T ook
par t
in
a
coding
boot
camp
wher e
implemented
v arious
cr oss-platform
mobile
apps
using 
technologies
such
as
React
Nativ e,
Gr aphQL
and
Fir ebase
AWARDS
&
ACHIEVEMENTS
I n t e r n a t i o n a l
S t u d e n t
S c i e n t i ﬁ c
a n d
P r a c t i c a l
C o n f e r e n c e
"
Y o u t h ,
S c i e n c e
a n d
I n n o v a t i o n
-
2 0 2 0 "
,
2 n d
p l a c e 
F i r s t
P r e s i d e n t
S c h o l a r s h i p
W i n n e r
b e t w e e n
s t u d e n t s
o f
o u r
c o u n t r y
( S c h o l a r s h i p
f o r
t o p
5 0
s t u d e n t s
i n
K Z ) 
H o n o r
o f
Y e s s e n o v ` s
F o u n d a t i o n
S c h o l a r s h i p
f o r
a c h i e v e m e n t s
o f
s t u d y
a n d
a c t i v i t i e s
b e t w e e n
s t u d e n t s
i n 
t h e
c o u n t r y . 
3 r d
p l a c e :
D e m o
P r e s e n t a t i o n
a t
n F a c t o r i a l
I n c u b a t o r
2 0 1 8
honor
application
for
abbiturents
which
help
to
select
future
career
and
university,
got
3rd
place
out
of
approximately
100
mobile
apps
by
the
end
of
Bootcamp.
VOLUNTEERING
&
OTHER
ACTIVITIES
Volunteer
in
“Club
Dobryakov”
which
organizes
charity
events
in
city
Almaty
2018
–
2020
Organizer
and
Leader
of
enthnic
ensemble
in
university,
every
year
the
number
of
students
is
growing
2016
–
2020
Student
Mentor
of
Hackathon
organized
by
UNICEF.
2016
Sep
Volunteer
on
“2017
Universade
Winter
Sport
Games”
International
student`s
spor ts
f eder ation
.
2017
Feb
TECHNICAL
SKILLS
Programming
Languages
:
Java,
JavaScript,
Framework
&
Tools
:
Spring
Boot,
React,
React
Native,
GraphQL,
flyway,
myBatis,
Oracle,
PostgreSQL,
Spring
Data,
FeignCloud,
JUnit,
Languages
:
English
(Intermediate),
Russian(Native
Speaker)

134: BOGDANOV NIKOLA.pdf
BOGDANOV NIKOLA  +7(927)9067111  a@bogbbbb.co EDUCATION Higher School of Economics, Moscow Sep 2019 - Expected Jun 2023 Bachelor in Applied Mathematics and Computer Science  GPA: 8.68/10.0 WORK EXPERIENCE Software Engineering Intern Sept 2020 - Dec 2020 Sibur  Moscow, Russia · Improved path nding algorithm by implementing new rules and restrictions, which resulted in average commute time reduction by approximately 50% · Researched the possibility of gRPC framework usage to transfer les larger than 500 MB  TECHNICAL SKILLS Programming Languages C++, Python, JavaScript, C#, Java Technologies JSON, REST, SQL, HTML, CSS, LaTeX Tools Git, GitHub, Visual Studio, PyCharm, Docker, Linux PERSONAL  PROJECTS lksh-sport · Implemented REST API for the sports site using Python and Flask, that processed approximately 200 teams and players registration requests · Developed a telegram bot using Python allowing the administrator to approve or decline the requests Snake game · Implemented a clone of the snake game in C++, using SDL2.0 RuzoomBot · Developed a telegram bot using Python that sends noti cations about upcoming classes to subscribed chats Imaginarium (Dixit) · Developed backend for the online version of a game Dixit using Python · Created the UI design using HTML5 and CSS3, deployed the project using Heroku Flappy AI · Created a clone of a appy bird game using HTML5 and JS · Developed a self-playing mode using a single perceptron and a genetical algorithm to update the population  ACHIEVEMENTS All Russian team programming Olympiad 2018 Finalist - 124th place of about 500 All Russian Olympics  Information Technologies 2018 Gold medalist - 17th place of about 1400 All Russian project contest Great Challenges 2018 Winner - member of one of 12 winning teams out of more than 40,000 participants GSOM-Hack Hackathon 2020 Winner · Solved the given task as a Pickup and Delivery Problem with Time Windows using a genetic algorithm written in C++, showing results 3 times better than the next competitor · As a result, the team was invited for the internship at Sibur 


135: Budniak Ivan.pdf
• Budniak	Ivan	Software	Engineer	with	significant	competitive	programming	experience		Email:	budniakkkk@yandex.by		Mobile:	+375	(44)	543-11-11			EDUCATION	Belarusian	State	University	in	Informatics	and	Radioelectronics	Minsk,	Belarus	Bachelor’s	degree	in	Computer	Science	September	2017	—	Expected	2021	Yandex	School	of	Data	Analysis	Moscow,	Russia	Master’s	level	program,	Machine	Learning	development	track	September	2019	—	Expected	2021	Relevant	courses:	Probability	and	Statistics,	Machine	Learning,	Computer	Vision,	Natural	Language	Processing,	Deep	Learning,	Reinforcement	Learning,	Python,	C++,	GoLang,	Algorithms	and	Data	Structures,	BigData,	Parallel	and	Distributed	Computations		WORK			EXPERIENCE	Deltix	(Bought	by	EPAM	Systems	at	january	2020)	Minsk,	Belarus	Software	Engineer	August	2018	–	Present	Developed	a	system	for	integration	with	various	top	crypto-custodies	for	crypto-trading	platform	used	by	hundreds	of	thousands.	• Created	a	service	for	secure	interacting	with	any	Ethereum	tokens. • Fixed	major	issues	of	crypto-trading	platform	high	loaded	module. • Built	a	tool	for	crypto-trading	platform	stress-testing. Mogilev	State	Regional	Institute	for	Education	Development	Mogilev,	Belarus	Competitive	Programming	Mentor	Febrary,	March	2018&2019	• Preparing	students	of	Mogilev	region	for	the	National	Olympiad	in	Informatics.	Many	of	them	were	awarded. PROJECTS	JPEG	decoder:	Baseline	sequential	mode	of	JPEG	decoder,	written	in	C++	using	OOP	and	various	algorithms	such	as	Huffman	decoding.	Ukrainian-Russian	translator:	Written	in	Python	with	Sklearn	library,	using	embedding	space	mapping	with	optimal	transformation	derived	from	SVD	decomposition.	Used	public	dataset	with	1M	word	pairs.	LightBulbChan:	Student	assistant	in	the	form	of	a	multifunctional	telegram	bot.	Uses	various	APIs	to	help	students	prepare	for	classes.	AWARDS	ACM	ICPC,	NEERC	ICPC	Saint-Petersburg,	Russia	—	December,	2017	• Competition	in	sports	programming	among	teams	of	universities	of	the	North	Eastern	Europe,	Western	Subregion • III	degree	award	(2017,	81/244	place) ACM	ICPC,	Belarus	and	Baltics	Regional	Contest	Minsk,	Belarus	—	October,	2017&2018	• Competition	in	sports	programming	among	teams	of	universities	of	the	North	Eastern	Europe,	Western	Subregion • III	degree	award	(2019,	18/57	place) • II	degree	award	(2017,	8/57	place) Individual	Olympiad	in	Informatics	and	Programming	Saint-Petersburg,	Russia	—	March	2017	• Programming	competition	among	schoolchildren	of	Belarus,	Russia	and	Kazakhstan • I	degree	award	(10/180	place) Belarusian	National	Olympiad	in	Informatics	Belarus	—	March	2015&2016&2017	• II	degree	award	(2017,	12/123	place) • II	degree	award	(2016,	12/120	place) • III	degree	award	(2015,	39/118	place) Top	3%	on	Codeforces	—	ednotdead	Top	2%	on	Hackerrank	—	Ed_Os	• 
• • • 

136: CHE RNY AVS K I Y Artyom.pdf
Almaty,Kazakhstanhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/cghji/
EMPLOYMENTCHERNYAVSKIYArtyomspa05698@gmail.com
SoftwareEngineerTransportHoldingofAlmatycityApr2021–Presentonay.kz
●Developingthepaymentsystemfromthegroundup,withthetotalnumberoftransactionsexceeding2millionperday.
●Conductedresearchworkandselectedanappropriatetechstackconsideringtheneedsofthecompany.
SoftwareEngineer(Backend)EurasianBankMar2020–Jan2021Smartbank
●Ihavecommunicateddirectlywithabusinessunitalsocollectedandanalyzedbusinessrequirements.
●Decompositionoftherequirementsofthetasks.
●ReducedtheprocessofopeningBank'sproductsfrom3daysto5minutes.
●Developedandlaunchedthemechanismfortransmittingthesecurecarddatabetweenclient'sandBank'ssystemsthroughimplementingtheISO-9564standardwith3DESencryption.
SoftwareEngineer(Xamarin)EurasianBankJun2019–Mar2020Smartbank
●Reducedtheappsizeby30%byimplementingbestpracticesofworkingwithstaticresourcesandrefactoringtheexisting'scodebaseusingMicrosoftrecommendationsregardinghandlenativeelements.
●Savedthecompanymorethan30000$byportingnativelibrariesofdifferentscanners(Card,NFS,Barcode)fromnativeiOSandAndroidplatformstoXamarinenvironmentinsteadofbuyingboxsolutions.
●Integratedanalyticsandmetrics.
●Integratedworldwidemoneytransferservice.
●Counseledthecompany'scontractor.
SoftwareEngineerAMK-EurasiaLLPMar2018–Jun2019Otbasybank
●DesignedandimplementednewlydesignedOtbasybankapplicationforbankingsystemusingXamarinforms.
●DevelopedandlaunchedonlineserviceswhichhelpedreducetheloadontheBank'sbranches
●LaunchedthecloudtestingwithXamarinTestCloudplatform.
●Maintainedanddevelopedexistingwebsite.
LICENSESANDCERTIFICATIONSXamarinCertifiedMobileProfessional(2019)
LANGUAGESANDTECHNOLOGIESC#.NET;SQL;JavaScript;HTML;CSS;Java;Objective-C;WCF;BizTalk;SOAP;JSON;Xamarin.VisualStudio;MicrosoftSQLServer;XCode;dotMemory;dotTrace;BenchmarkDotNet;
SOCIALACTIVITIESFreetimepractice:C/C++;Math;GameDev(UE);


137: DANIIL BULYGA.pdf
Igor Korniltsev Data Scientist Team Leader Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation +79226039000 kornilaaaa@yandex.ru   SUMMARY  Data Scientist with 5+ years of experience in using predictive modeling, data processing and data mining algorithms to solve challenging business problems. Involved in Python open source community and passionate about deep learning. Competencies include leading teams and large portfolios of data science projects, representing the company at conferences through public speaking, working with diverse ML-technologies: NLP, NN, Recommender Systems, ensuring good communication between the parties to optimize strategies.  WORK EXPERIENCE  Sberbank. Data Scientist Team Leader Jul 2017 – Present / Led 2 teams of 5 data scientists working on 10 different projects in the banking sphere / Built a scalable PySpark pipeline for data processing from scratch which increased the overall productivity by 40% / Built a model based on a payments graph, using embedding outputs from several models such as collaborative filtering, content-based factorisation, word2vec, LDA, to identify the company’s business industry. It earned the bank $100M / Used 2B+ documents to train spark word2vec embeddings to improve 20+ bank’s models / Collaborated with DevOps and Data Engineers that increased team’s productivity and speeded up the time to market / Deployed into production 8 models in one year using Python, Spark, Jenkins. The result was marked as the highest across 15 DS teams / Created a model capable of predicting the annual revenue of 4 million companies. The model was widely covered in mass media and presented at the main national conference / Ensured good communication between CEOs and engineers to optimize strategies / Represented the company in AI/ML research at conferences through public speaking  Mobile Telesystem (MBT). Data Scientist Jul 2015 – Jun 2017 / Designed and created an anomaly detection system from start to finish (from data mining and modelling to creating the report in Tableau for data analysts) which saved the company more than $2M per year / Implemented a technique based on sARIMA and time series classification to identify suspicious patterns in network traffic / Established Tableau BI report for highlighting risk zone, e.g. fraude events, equipment breaks, which decreased the time-to-insights by 148% and saved more than 30% of data analysis time / Used 10000M+ transactions in an ETL-process via SAS EG and Teradata / Built strong communication across parties to successfully launch the project  SKILLS  Languages Python SQL Scala ML Classification Regression RecSys Time Series Databases Hadoop/Spark Oracle PL/SQL Teradata BI Tableau Power BI Excel  EDUCATION  / Ural Federal University. Bachelor’s degree of Program engineering, 6/2021 / Ural Federal University. Master’s degree of Financial markets and investments, 6/2014 / Ural State Mining University. Master’s degree of Underground construction, 5/2012 

138: Danila Doroshenko.pdf
    Professional Summary Software Engineer who is familiar with helping to create detailed application codes and design. Extensive collaboration with developers to draft and test programs for in-field rollout. Experience with Python and Git development environments to standardize and customize CI/CD. The ability for generating automation frameworks and procedures like parsing, web scraping, and HTTP requests.  Work Experience  Make it in Ukraine • Developed an asynchronous telegram chatbot   03/2020 - Current Danila Doroshenko  Contact  (@MakeItInUkrainebot) for IT talents using parsing with Beautiful Soup, telegram API, aiogram and SQLite database which led to automatization of Vacancies and Articles notifications depending on each user subscription and interests, that stores in the database. • Implemented the quick apply feature by saving user’s data into the database, shortening generated mailto link by web scrape my link shortener (a pet project that shortens links using NodeJS, MongoDB and Express) and attaching the link to every vacancy which led to better UX and makes the application process available in one click.  +380964647000  Rothem 10/2019 - 03/2020   ddddanchik@gmail.com Researched a computer vision real-time semantic segmentation model in deeplab (mobilenetv2) trained on Cityscape dataset, quantized it for coralTPU, and transformed it to TFlite to run in AWS via SSH connection to Raspberry pi 3.   Additional Skills  • Experience in Python development Education  KNU, CSC   09/2020 - 11/2020 • Parsing with BS • Web scraping with selenium • HTTP requests • SQLite and PostgreSQL database management • Teamwork & collaboration • API design knowledge • Experience building client- server architecture • Research models using Tensorflow, Sklearn, Keras • Front-end: HTML/CSS/JS, jQuery, Bootstrap • Back-end: Django A freshman pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Software engineering and intelligent software systems.  01/2013 - 06/2020 Lyceum 142 Technical high school diploma   Certificates and articles - Google Code-in 2019 competition - FCE B2 English level - Tutorial on Polynomial regression: https://colab.research.google.co m/drive/1-sY2pAgx1rYEuRXn6Tr_ojfXq7PDGotR 


139: Danila Shiga.pdf
Danila Shiga insaaaaaa@protonmail.com  SUMMARY   Larnaca,   Cyprus +357 94  000  651   Experienced DevOps Engineer in both corporate-level  projects and small-scale  start-ups. Nine years of experience in IT roles, such as DevOps and Network Engineer, including Lead responsibilities • Tools: Configuration control and provisioning of Linux VMs via Ansible, Puppet, Terraform. CI/CD with Gitlab CI, Azure Pipelines, Jenkins, Helm. Monitoring and logging through Zabbix, Grafana, Prometheus,  ELK/EFK, Graylog. Routine automation using Bash, Python, knowledge in Java and its runtime, PHP, Go, C#, C++. • Operations: Leading a team of System Engineers ensuring smooth operation and collaboration  between departments, while also performing duties of Scrum master. Consulting Product owner and stakeholders on IT operations. • Infrastructure: Various cloud providers like AWS, GCP, Azure, Swisscom, including Kubernetes services. On-prem virtualization VMware, Hyper-V, KVM. Planning and implementation of solution architecture from day one till the finish. • Advanced Knowledge: Code culture, Gitflow, CI/CD, Team motivation, Process automation, Technical assessment, Hardware, Self-learning, Technology research. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  Senior DevOps Engineer Conzylum October 2022 – Current • Learned the project in 2 weeks, replacing retiring engineer. Made some meaningful impact and took integration lead in 1,5 months. Delivered full automation of project processes in 6 months. Currently tinkering the app for external clients. • Defined project integration roadmap based on business goals. Improved CI/CD pipelines eliminating human interaction. • Converted development process to Gitflow increasing development speed ~3 times and removing feature congestion. • Implemented  elaborate monitoring that enabled rapid feedback and planning based on custom metrics. • Led a team of two DevOps Engineers, a DBA and a QA Engineer. Wrote comprehensive work items that require no questions DevOps Engineer AYA Group March 2022 – September 2022 • Rewrote CI/CD pipelines to ease scalability and introduce new features that reduced deployment time about 4 times. • Integrated Vault secret storage securing sensitive data while moving it from SaaS solutions to on-prem. • Developed crucial version control metrics for over 80 instances that streamlined processes for Dev and QA teams. • Helped the team to recover from failures providing insights into potential causes that shorten regression analysis. DevOps Engineer ClearOps September 2021 – February 2022 • Wrote custom Ansible roles and modules enabling features that are not present on the market. • Automated Bitbucket pipelines through API to catch up with other solutions and even provide new functionality. • Implemented Ansible role testing with molecule saving DevOps time and eliminating human factor. DevOps Engineer Bank of Saint-Petersburg June  2021 – September 2021 • Learned the project in 2 weeks replacing current engineer on their vacation. • Automated routine with shell scripts that reduced L3 support response time 2-3 times. • Rewrote Zabbix web check pre-processing eliminating metrics delay that is crucial for banking sector. • Improved Jenkins groovy scripts enabling deploy scalability  and overall stability. • Leveraged communication with QA team making testing process several times faster that improved code quality. PREVIOUS PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE February 2014 – June 2021  • Took a variety of roles like Lead Network Engineer, System Administrator and managed a team of Engineers. Worked for both international giants and small local businesses. • Developed security policies that hardened corporate network making it impossible to attack it with malicious device. • Interviewed potential candidates for IT department with new screening policies that ended up saving money by less hire but more quality professionals. This also increased average employment duration from ~1 year to 2-3 years. • Mentored freshmen colleagues to earn a status of person of trust. One of them inherited my position as I quit. • Wrote a PC inventory tool in C# that enabled IT department to cut costs due to more precise hardware ordering. • Designed 8 new network branches while maintaining around 25 networks in total – approx. 2500 PCs. • Wrote documentation for a square mile enterprise territory of network hardware – about 120 devices like switches, routers EDUCATION  A.A.S. in Computer Science and Engineering  – Krasnodar College of Electronic Instrument Design, 2013 

140: Danil Kikvadze.pdf
Danil
Kikvadze
Python
Developer
Enthusiastic
3th
grade
student
eager
to
contribute
to
team
success
through
hard
work,
attention
to
detail
and
excellent
organization
skills.
Clear
understanding
of
Python
zen
and
REST
concept
and
training
in
web
frameworks.
I've
been
learning
stack
of
technologies
for
web
development
since
2019.
Motivated
to
learn,
grow
and
excel
in
Web
Industry.
CONT ACT
Address
Moscow
Phone
number
+79140989765
E-mail
kikvadze673@lll.kpi.ua
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/in/yar-gty/
GitHub
https://github.com/yar-rfk
SKILLS
Frontend
HTML,
CSS,
JS,
jQuery,
React.js
Backend
Python,
Flask/Django,
SQL,
noSQL,
REST
API,
Celery
Other
Docker,
Linux,
Git,
Unit
testing,
CI/CD
EDUCA TION
National
Technical
University
of
Ukraine
«Kyiv
Polytechnic
Institute»
Bachelor's
degree,
Biomedical
engineering
2018
–
2022
LANGUAGES
Russian
English
EXPERIENCE
Flask
Bookshop
,
2021-04
–
2021-06
●
Created
a
RESTful
API
application
using
Flask.
JWT
token
was
used
for
authentication
and
role-based
access.
●
PostgreSQL
was
used
as
a
database,
Redis
was
used
for
caching
and
task
queue.
●
Celery
was
used
for
asynchronous
tasks
such
as
sending
email.
Elasticsearch
was
used
for
searching
query.
●
Development
also
required
Docker,
writing
unit-tests
and
Travis
CI.
●
Production
version
of
application
uses
Gunicorn
and
NGINX.
Django
Blog
,
2020-07
–
2020-12
●
PostgreSQL
was
used
as
a
database.
●
Django-template
was
used
for
SSR,
jQuery
was
used
for
AJAX
calls.
●
Added
Docker,
Travis,
logging
and
unit-
tests.
●
Added
role-based
access.
●
Production
version
of
application
uses
Gunicorn
and
NGINX
INTERESTS
Computer
Games
Movies
Programming

141: Danil Vibly.pdf
Danil
Vibly
New
Rochelle,
New
York,
United
States
daaaibly@gmail.com
(901)
0007659
linkedin.com/in/denisvaaay
Summary
I'm
a
Quality
Assurance
Engineer
with
great
attention
to
detail
and
a
commitment
to
developing
and 
implementing
continuous
improvement
initiatives
through
the
collection
and
analysis
of
data
and
converting 
it
into
actionable
information
Skills
Core
Competencies:
Software
Quality
Assurance,
Manual
Testing,
Requirements
Analysis,
Test
Planning 
Project
Planning
Tools:
Jira,
Gitlab 
Source
Control:
Git 
Methodology:
Scrum,
Kanban 
Databases:
Postgresql,
MySQL,
DBeaver 
QA
Tools
&
Software:
WebAPI,
Testing
using
Postman,
Charles
Proxy,
Chrome
Developer
Tools
Experience
Software
Quality
Assurance
Engineer
IN/OUT ,
Los
Angeles,
CA
March
2019
-
Present
(1
year)
●
Participating
in
full
system
development
life
cycle
including
designing,
developing
and 
implementing
test
plans,
test
cases,
and
test
processes,
test
methodologies
(Agile),
deployments
and 
promotions
of
hotfixes
and
weekly
releases
●
Manual
software
testing
experience
(web-based
applications,
Client/Server,
e-Commerce,
Mobile)
Operation
Manager
MKN
Communications
LLC,
Knoxville,
TN
Mar
2017
-
March
2019
(3
years)
●
Headed
-
8
Foreman’s
that
worked
with
a
team
of
engineers,
CM's,
PM’s,
GC’s
●
Created
structure
and
repeatability
to
allow
the
company
to
optimize
the
business
processes 
(project
management,
logistics,
financial
operations,
document
flow)
Project
Manager
Demis
Group,
Moscow ,
Russia
Sep
2014
-
Feb
2017
(2
years
6
months)
●
Focused
on
serving/consulting
key
agency’s
clients
on
internet
marketing/web
development
●
Introduced
processes
in
the
department
to
optimize
work
on
projects
(refinement
of
CRM
and 
project
management
rules)
Education
Belarusian
State
University ,
Minsk,
BY
Master's
Degree
in
Art
Management,
2007
-
2014


142: Dasha Yavorska.pdf
D a s h a
Y a v o r s k a
P r o j e c t
M a n a g e r
/
A n a l y s t
S a n
F r a n c i s c o
B a y
A r e a ,
C A , 
U S A
y a v aaaka y a670@gmail.com
|
(341)
000
3449
|
S U M M A R Y :
P r o j e c t
m a n a g e r
w i t h
1 5 +
y e a r s
o f
e x p e r i e n c e ,
a
p a s s i o n
f o r
a n a l y s i s ,
a n d
e x p e r t i s e
i n
p r o c e s s
d e s i g n
a n d
s y s t e m s
a n a l y s i s .
G o a l - o r i e n t e d
l e a d e r
a n d
c o l l a b o r a t i v e
t e a m
p l a y e r
w i t h
d i v e r s e
d o m a i n
k n o w l e d g e .
V e r s a t i l e
a s s e t
t o
a n y
t e a m
c o m m i t t e d
t o
a c h i e v i n g
g o a l s .
E X P E R I E N C E :
Z e r o A v i a
Hollister ,
CA,
USA
|
2022
-
2023
(1yrs
5mos)
P r o j e c t
M a n a g e r
A c h i e v e m e n t s :
❖
Led
the
de v elopment
and
internal
launch
of
a
gr oundbr eaking
Ener gy
supply
monit oring
and
contr ol
system,
based
on
a
smar t
algorithm
using
AI,
for
a
hy dr ogen
pr oduction
system.
❖
Contributed
t o
the
building
and
led
a
high-per forming
team
of
engineers
and
scientists,
fostering
a
cultur e
of
inno v ation
and
continuous
impr o v ement.
❖
Collabor ated
eff ectiv ely
with
cr oss-functional
teams
t o
gather
r equir ements,
deﬁne
scope,
and
de v elop
pr oject
plans,
ensuring
that
the
pr oject
aligned
with
o v er all
business
goals.
❖
Successfully
tr ack ed
pr ogr ess,
identiﬁed
and
mitigated
risks,
and
o v ersaw
the
testing
of
the
system,
ensuring
its
timely
and
successful
deliv er y .
E n e l
X
( e M o t o r W e r k s )
USA,
Remote
|
2019
-
2022
(3yrs
4mos)
P r o j e c t
M a n a g e r
A c h i e v e m e n t s :
❖
Successfully
deliv er ed
5+
pr ojects
on
time
and
within
scope,
including
cr eating
detailed
pr oject
workﬂows,
templates
for
PMO
documentation,
and
ensuring
r esour ce
a v ailability
and
allocation.
❖
F acilitated
collabor ativ e
estimation
and
planning
pr ocesses,
bringing
t ogether
stak eholders
fr om
diff er ent
teams
t o
ensur e
alignment
on
goals
and
expectations.
❖
Ensur ed
cr oss-team
cooper ation
b y
coor dinating
communication
and
activities
acr oss
multiple
teams,
leading
t o
successful
pr oject
outcomes.
C h a n g e
A n d
R e l e a s e
M a n a g e r
A c h i e v e m e
n t s :
❖
Impr o v ed
r elease
eﬃciency
b y
str eamlining
r elease
pr ocesses
and
implementing
a
binar y
deliv er y
appr oach
and
shor tened
r elease
cy cle
time
b y
65%,
fr om
40-35
da ys
t o
14
da ys.
T i c k e t s
T r a v e l
N e t w o r k
( T i c k e t s . u a )
|
2014
-
2017
(3yrs)
P r o j e c t
M a n a g e r ,
A n a l y s t
A c h i e v e m e n t s :
❖
Implemented
and
integr ated
Jir a/Conﬂuence
t ools
and
corpor ate
por tal
for
800+
emplo y ees,
str eamlining
workﬂows
and
impr o ving
eﬃciency .
❖
Led
the
successful
deliv er y
of
13+
corpor ate
and
3
external
pr ojects,
meeting
all
deadlines
and
r equir ements,
including
an
emplo y ee
360-degr ee
F eedback
system.
T r a i n i n g
a n d
D e v e l o p m e n t
T e a m
L e a d
A c h i e v e m e n t s :
❖
Improved
team
performance
and
efficiency
by
developing
and
implementing
training
programs,
automating
business
processes,
and
running
team-building
events.
J S C
" T e l e r a d i o c o m p a n y
L u x "
|
2010
-
2013
(3yrs
2mos
)
P r o d u c t / P r o j e c t
M a n a g e r ,
C h i e f
E d i t o r
A c h i e v e m e n t s :
❖
Launched
web
por tal:
fr om
de v eloping
a
concept,
and
managing
the
de v elopment
team
up
t o
content
cr eation
and
3
y ears
of
suppor t
for
the
pr oject
as
a
Chief
edit or .
I n t e r n a t i o n a l
H u m a n i t a r i a n
P e d a g o g i c a l
I n s t i t u t e
|
2008
-
2010
(2yrs)
H e a d
o f
I T
M e d i a
l i b r a r y
A c h i e v e m e n t s :
❖
Launched
univ ersity
website
and
taught
I T
classes
t o
students
C E R T I F I C A T E S :
❖
2023
-
Adv anced
Pr oject
Management
Course
|
Online
Ukr ainian
School
of
Pr oject
Management
b y
Denys
Pr ylutskyi
❖
2021
-
PMI
Agile
Cer tiﬁed
Pr actitioner
(PMI-A CP)
pr epar ation
course
|
T enstep
Academy
❖
2017
-
Ar ts
and
Cr afts
of
Business
A nalysis
|
SoftSer v e
Univ ersity
&
Business
Analysis
Oﬃce
❖
2017
-
Emotional
intelligence
course
|
Alena
Sysoe v a
❖
2016
-
F undamentals
of
Business
Analysis
|
L viv
BD A
School
❖
2016
-
Financial
management
|
L
viv
Business
School
❖
2016
-
De v elopment
of
leadership
potential.
Management
functions
|
L viv
Business
School
and
W omen ' s
leadership
pr ogr am
“Leadership.
Success.
Inspir ation ”
|
L viv
Business
School
❖
2016
-
MS
Ex cel
Pr o,
MS
Pr oject
courses
❖
2014
-
13
steps
t o
a
successful
SCRUM
|
Kseniy a
K obr yn
and
Kanban
System
Design,
KANBAN
Management
Pr of essional
|
Kirill
Klimo v
E D U C A T I O N :
❖
Master ' s
degr ee
|
Social
pedagogue,
a
pr acticing
psy chologist
|
Crimean
Humanitarian
Univ ersity ,
Ukr aine
|
2007
-
2012,
Gr aduated
with
honors
❖
Bachelor
degr ee
|
Elementar y
School
T eacher ,
Hebr ew
teacher
|
Dnipr opetr o vsk
International
Humanitarian
P edagogical
Institute,
Ukr aine
|
2005
-
2010,
Gr aduated
with
honors
L A N G U A G E S :
❖
English
-
Pr of essional
working
pr oﬁciency
|
Ukr aine/Russian
-
Nativ e
|
Hebr ew/P olish
-
Basic

143: David Samoylov.pdf
DavidSamoylov
+7(707)000-76-27
|eaaanesmlv@gmail.com
|linkedin.com/in/aaaenesmlv
ABOUT
ASoftwareEngineerwith5yearsofextensiveexperienceindesigning,developing,andmaintainingrobustbackendapplications.Enthusiasticaboutenhancingmycoreskillswhilealsokeepingupwiththelatestindustrytrendsandbestpractices.
EXPERIENCE
KasperskyMoscow,RussiaR e s e a r c hD e v e l o p e rA p r .2 0 2 1–A u g .2 0 2 3
•Developedandmaintainedadevelopmentenvironmentforanti-malwarerecords,complementedbyanintegratedversioncontrolsystemandsupportfordistributedcompilationacrossmultipleplatforms.
•Implementedacommand-linetooltofacilitatethecreationofVisualStudioprojectsandthegenerationofC
++DLLsfordebuggingpurposes,whichsignificantlyimprovedmalwareanalystsworkflow.
•Createdaloganalysistoolthathelpedtoidentifyrecurringproblemsandestablishconnectionsbetweenseeminglyunrelatedissues,whichenhancedteamtroubleshootingcapabilities.
•Collaboratedwithateamtoemployanapplicationmetriccollectionsystem,integratingitwithGrafanafordashboardsandalerts,resultinginreducedincidentresponsetimefromhourstominutes.
•Accomplishedthemigrationoftheanti-malwarerecordsfromPerforcetoGit.
•Developedapluginthatperformsstaticcodeanalysisofadomain-specificprogramminglanguage.
•MigratedaprojectCIpipelinefromTeamCitytoAzureDevOps.
Komdiagnos tikaOrenburg,RussiaS o f t w a r eE n g i n e e rA u g .2 0 1 8–A p r .2 0 2 1
•Developedandmaintainedasoftwaresolutionforvibration-basedconditionmonitoring,automatedspectrumanalysisandpredictivemaintenance.
•Implementedadatabasediskusagepredictionsystem,enhancingmonitoringcapabilities.
•Participatedinapplicationprofilingandoptimizationandacceleratedspectrumharmonicanalysisalgorithmuptofourtimes.
•Engineeredaportabledeviceforvibrationanalysis,includingdesigningtheUIlayout,developingtheapplicationarchitecture,andimplementingthesoftwarefordatacollectionandanalysis.
EDUCATION
OrenburgStateUniversityOrenburg,RussiaM a s t e ro fS c i e n c ei nM a t h e m a t i c sa n dC o m p u t e rS c i e n c eS e p .2 0 1 6–J u n .2 0 1 8
OrenburgStateUniversityOrenburg,RussiaB a c h e l o ro fS c i e n c ei nM e c h a n i c a lE n g i n e e r i n gS e p .2 0 1 2–J u n .2 0 1 6
TECHNICALSKILLS
Languages:C
#,PowerShell,Python,SQL.FamiliarwithC/C
++Frameworks:.NET,.NETFramework,WPF.FamiliarwithASP.NETCoreDeveloperTools:Git,TFS,TeamCity,AzureDevOps,Elasticsearch,GrafanaLibraries:NUnit,xUnit,Serilog,NLog,
Benchmark.NET,Dapper

144: Denis Chernov.pdf
EDUCATIONDenisChernov
+79841342567
|denmail@gmail.com
|linkedin/in/daaael-chernov-mx
|github.com/Laaaaer
MoscowStateTechnicalUniversityMoscow,RUB a c h e l o rD e g r e ea tS o f t w a r eE n g i n e e r i n gA u g .2 0 1 8–M a y2 0 2 2
EXPERIENCE
JavaSoftwareDeveloperFebruary2022–PresentD C l o u dT e c hM e x i c oc i t y ,M X
•Implementedareportgenerationservicethatboostedourbusinessefficiency,resultingina30%reductioninreportingtimeanda20%increaseindataaccuracy,leadingtoimproveddecision-makinganda15%growthinoverallproductivity.
•Implementedamonitoringsystemforerrortrackingtoproactivelyidentifyandresolveissues,resultingina50%reductioninproductionincidents.
•Implementedmicroservicesfornotificationsandemails,thatledtoa30%reductioninthetimeittakestodevelopanddeploynewfeatures.Increaseddevelopmentefficiencyhasallowedustointroducenewfunctionalitiestoourclients1.5timesfaster,enhancingourcompetitiveedgeandresultingina10%boostincustomersatisfaction.
•Optimizedthecachesystem,resultingina40%reductioninbothprocessingtimeandmemoryconsumption.Thisenhancementsignificantlyimprovedsystemperformanceandoperationalefficiency,leadingtofasterresponsetimesandcostsavings.
•Optimizedandrefactoredthedatabaseschematoexpeditetheprocessingofuserrequestsandinformation,resultinginsignificantlyfasterSQLqueries.Thisimprovementhasalsoenabledustoachievea30%reductionindevelopmenttimeandenhanceoverallsystemperformance.
JavaSoftwareDeveloperFebruary2020–February2022S o f tM e d i aG r o u pM o s c o w ,R U
•DevelopedcrucialfeaturesfortheCOVID-19patientcaresystem,whichencompassedlivepatientmonitoringandtracking,symptomevaluation,andcontacttracing.Thesystemwasefficientlyimplementedacrossvarioushealthcarefacilities,facilitatingpromptandefficientcareforindividualsaffectedbyCOVID-19andplayingapivotalroleinthebroaderbattleagainstthepandemic.
•Increasedtestcodecoveragefrom60%to90%,resultinginimprovedsystemreliabilityandperformanceanddecreasedriskoferrorsorbugs.
•Refactoredandimprovedpatientschedulingsystemresultingina30%reductioninschedulingerrorsanda25%increaseinappointmentefficiency.
•OptimisedSQLqueriesboostingperformancefromlogarithmictolinear,whichreducedtimeofpatientshadtowaitforwebsiteloadingforsomerequestsupto90%.
•SuccessfullydeployedandconfiguredintegratedKeycloakserver,whichallowedtoreworkAuthenticationsystemandenhancesystemsecurity.
TECHNICALSKILLS
Languages:Java,SQL,Kotlin,MongoDB,JavaScript,HTML/CSSTechnologies:Kafka,RabbitMQ,Oauth,ElasticSearch,Kibana,Redis,Hazelcast,Docker,AWS,Jenkins,GitFrameworksandLibraries:SpringFramework,SpringBoot,SpringCloud,Hibernate,JDBC,Liquibase,Flyway,JUnit,Mockito,Gradle,Maven


145: DENIS GRIGOREV.pdf
DENIS GRIGOREV Experience ▷ +60 113 776 11 11  ▷ observerrrrrr@gmail.com  
 Business Engineering Group September 2020 – May 2023 Senior Project Manager • Engaged in business transformation projects, implementing architectural solutions, and integrating various innovations into a unified business system at the level of management & governance. Executed by building its DTO model and utilizing company’s own proprietary EAMT-class software, customized to address client challenges. • Collaborated with a port company undergoing a significant cargo nature shift from coal handling to grain handling. Over a 10-month period, the project transformed the company’s process system and partially its organizational structure. The company currently operates successfully in the port market. • Led a project involving a construction site fire safety services provider’s substantial business expansion - from servicing fire alarms to comprehensive fire safety solutions. Formed a business ecosystem by partnering with complementary companies, with our client’s company driving this ecosystem and boosting revenue by 270%. • Developed a successful digital transformation strategy for a confidential correspondence and hazardous cargo delivery company. Current execution of the strategy has led to a 20% reduction in hazardous cargo delivery time, improved security for confidential correspondence through advanced tracking, and a 15% increase in customer satisfaction. RE Solutions (Contract) February 2022 – September 2022 Requirements Engineer • Led a project for a Mercedes IoT contractor, overseeing the integration of software aimed at automating the fleet management ecosystem. Resulted in a significant decrease in the average vehicle repair processing time from 40 minutes to 12 minutes. Tesla Coil April 2017 – July 2020 CEO & Co-Founder The company focused on manufacturing and developing exhibits for science museums. • Organized a full production cycle, ranging from printed circuit board manufacturing to software development for exhibit control and functionality. • Increased production speed from a few units per month to hundreds, transitioning from garage-style manufacturing to industrial-scale production line, becoming a market leader for science-intensive exhibits in the CIS and Eastern Europe. • Grew company profits from $2000 to $200,000 within 2 years. • Conducted lectures at scientific exhibitions, including the Russian Academy of Sciences. HighLoad Workshop September 2015 – November 2017 Portfolio Manager • Prepared the company for launch by identifying and onboarding external contractors and outsourcing partners for diverse projects, focusing on aligning their skills and expertise with project requirements. Compiled and maintained a comprehensive database of more than 200 contractors, enabling swift project staffing and resource allocation. • Developed an internal system for managing outsourcing partners’ resources to monitor work progress, assess quality, and meet deadlines. This optimization resulted in a reduction of project delays by 20% compared to industry averages. • Conducted thorough risk assessments to identify potential bottlenecks and roadblocks in project execution. Formulated and executed mitigation strategies, resulting in a 15% reduction in project risks and a smoother project flow. • Led the end-to-end management of a CRM system’s development. Collaborated closely with design, engineering, and QA teams to define product specifications, facilitate seamless communication, and ensure consistent progress tracking. This cooperative approach resulted in a 30% faster development cycle and a highly polished final product. • Implemented the successful integration of SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework) software into the company’s internal workflows. This transformation streamlined collaboration, enhanced transparency, and improved overall project management efficiency, leading to a 25% reduction in time-to-market for new products. Yes Coffee Thailand – Coffee Frax June 2014 - August 2015 Process Optimization Specialist • Conducted a thorough examination of operational processes within the coffee shop network and coffee factory. Detected critical bottlenecks, pinpointed areas of inefficiency, and preemptively identified potential challenges. • Successfully implemented software solutions to overhaul production procedures. This initiative led to a notable reduction in manufacturing time, streamlined logistics operations, and strategic resource utilization, culminating in a substantial 12% decrease in operational costs. • Devised a set of performance metrics aimed at closely monitoring and analyzing outcomes. Gardenberg - Architectural Bureau September 2012 - July 2014 Director of Marketing and Advertising • Established processes: market analysis, designed and implemented advertising strategies, budgeting, execution, and effectiveness assessment. • Enhanced online orders’ share from 7% to 72% by conceptualizing and overseeing the development and launch of 2 websites. This included managing hired contractors, monitoring progress, and approving outcomes. • Led brand restructuring efforts, dividing it into two branches, significantly improving advertising efficiency and resulting in a 26% increase in company profits. Education Far Eastern Federal University 2007 – 2012 .Specialist degree in Japanese and English Languages English: C1 Japanese: N3 Russian: native Latin 

146: Denis Korenyako.pdf
Denis
Korenyako
Product
Designer
with
15+
years
of
background
in
UI/UX.
Experience
in
producing
efficient
user-centered
design
solutions
from
defining
the
problem
to
delivering
a
final
product.
Strong
skills
in
ideation
and
art
direction.
Able
to
function
as
a
project
leader
as
well
as
an
individual
contributor.
Passionate
about
customer
experience
and
all
aspects
of
design.
PORTFOLIO
Phone:
+7
(905)
000-4567
Email:
den89@mail.com
LinkedIn:
www .linkedin.com/in/korenyaaa8k
Country
of
residence:
Russia,
ready
to
relocate,
Visa
assistance
needed
www.portfolio.url
SKILLS
UX:
prototypes,
mockups,
analysis,
user
flows,
personas 
EXPERIENCE
Digital
Manager
—
De
Fonseca
,
Moscow
MAY
2018
-
PRESENT
Italian
home
slippers
brand
№1
•
Managed
all
digital
activities
of
De
Fonseca
in
Russia. 
•
Designed
the
global
website
with
localization
in
multiple 
languages.
•
Created
a
UX
that
resulted
in
53%
increase
of
conversion
rate. 
•
Built
and
delivered
a
digital
strategy
which
led
to
a
388%
increase
of
online
sales 
•
Increased
brand
awareness
and
achieved
5x
increase
in
branded 
search
traffic
Art
Director
—
Leto
,
Moscow
AUGUST
2016
-
APRIL
2018
Russian
leading
digital
agency ,
part
of
Ark
Scholz
&
Friends
Group
•
Oversaw
the
art
direction
and
design
for
a
variety
of
clients
including
Anheuser -Busch,
Bosch,
Ferrero,
Hyundai,
Imperial
Tobacco,
Mercedes-
Benz,
PepsiCo,
Philip
Morris,
KFC,
Kotányi,
Mazda,
SCA
(Essity),
Pizza
Hut,
Saint-Gobain,
Unilever ,
Valio,
X5
Group. 
•
Led
the
UX/UI
of
the
client’ s
internal
app
from
scratch
to
delivery 
that
effectively
saved
POS
maintenance
costs
up
to
70% 
•
Led
the
website
design
for
a
leading
food
retailer
from
analytics
and
user
research
to
production-ready
UI. 
•
Built
new
internal
processes
for
rapid
design
and
prototyping
with 
InVision
and
Marvel
Tools:
Figma,
Photoshop,
InVision,
Marvel,
Excel,
PowerPoint,
Jira
Methodologies:
Agile,
Design
Thinking,
Customer
Development,
Customer
Journey
Map,
Jobs-to-be
done
LICENSES
&
CERTIFICATIONS
Google
Digital
Garage
,
The
Fundamentals
of
digital
marketing
JUNE
2021
Google
Analytics
,
Google
Analytics
Individual
Qualification
JUNE
2021
Accenture
,
Digital
Skills:
User
Experience
MAY
2020
Designer
—
KupiVIP
,
Moscow
NOVEMBER
2015
-
AUGUST
2016
Largest
Russian
flash
sales
website,
backed
by
Accel,
Intel
and 
Mangrove
•
Designed
the
website
with
1,5
million
MAU
being
the
only
UX/UI
designer
in
the
company . 
•
Accomplished
project
in
a
strict
deadline
timeframe
Designer
—
SpaceBox
,
Moscow
MAY
2014
-
OCTOBER
2015
Design
consultancy
specialized
in
e-commerce
and
large-scale
intranet 
portals
•
Designed
a
CRM
for
the
biggest
Russian
online
library . 
•
Conceptualized
the
intranet
UI
for
one
of
the
largest
real
estate 
companies
•
Successfully
designed
websites
for
six
company
clients.EDUCATION
Russian
Academy
of
Public
Administration
,
Moscow
—D i p l o m a
NOVEMBER
2005
-
AUGUST
2006
Passed
final
exam
with
Distinction
Television
director ,
Diploma
Moscow
State
University
of
Printing
Arts
,
Moscow
—U n c o m p l e t e d
SEPTEMBER
1996
-
JANUARY
2001
Completed
5173
hours
towards
a
BFA.EXPERIENCE
(continued)
Product
Manager
—
Apartama
,
Moscow
SEPTEMBER
2011
-
FEBRUARY
2014
Startup,
social
commerce
platform
and
furnishing
marketplace
•
Initiated
and
completed
redesign
that
led
to
a
5%
(1:20)
conversion. 
•
Boosted
number
of
user
registrations,
increased
customer
purchases
by
34% 
•
Progressed
with
the
company's
growth,
beginning
as
a
designer
and
promoted
to
product
manager . 
•
Spearheaded
a
cross-functional
team
of
5.
Lead
Web
Designer
—
KM
,
Moscow
SEPTEMBER
2010
-
AUGUST
2011
The
oldest
Russian
news
portal
and
encyclopedia
•
Led
redesign
of
the
main
website
with
3+
million
MAU 
•
Created
120+
unique
pages
ahead
of
schedule.
Designer
—
RBC
Soft
,
Moscow
AUGUST
2009
-
SEPTEMBER
2010
Major
Russian
software
company ,
part
of
RBC
(RosBusinessConsulting)
media
group
•
Designed
Russian
government
websites
for
Ministry
of
Telecom
and
Mass
Communications,
Ministry
of
Economic
Development
and
Federal
Service
for
Supervision
in
Education
and
Science. 
•
Developed
numerous
PowerPoint
decks
which
helped
to
secure
over
$5
million
in
funding
and
investments.
Designer,
DJEM
Solutions
,
Moscow
OCTOBER
2007
–
MARCH
2009
Art
Director,
BCD
Group
,
Moscow
MAY
2003
–
SEPTEMBER
2007
Art
Director,
New
Publishing
Projects
,
Moscow
JULY
2002
–
MAY
2003
Web
Designer,
EuroAddress
,
Moscow
OCTOBER
2001
–
JUNE
2002
Designer,
Gazeta.ru
,
Moscow
SEPTEMBER
1999
–
OCTOBER
2001
Web
Designer,
Triumvirate
,
Moscow
OCTOBER
1998
—
MAY
1999
Game
Artist,
ElectroTECH
Multimedia
,
Moscow
SEPTEMBER
1997
—
MARCH
1998

147: DENIS NEBESNOV.pdf
DENISNEBESNOV+ 7 - 9 2 1 - 0 0 0 - 0 0 - 6 1⋄A l a n y aT u r k e y⋄O p e nt or e l o c a t i o n
d a a a e s n o v @ g m a i l . c o m⋄L i n k e d i n⋄T e l e g r a m
SUMMARY
W i t ho v e rad e c a d eo fe x p e r i e n c ei nI TP r o j e c tD e v e l o p m e n t ,S e r v i c eO p e r a t i o n s ,a n dP r o j e c tM a n a g e m e n t ,Ih a v ec o n s i s t e n t l yd e m o n s t r a t e dm ya b i l i t yt ol e a da n dd e l i v e rs u c c e s s f u lo u t c o m e s .I ' v el e dd i v e r s et e a m sr a n g i n gf r o m5t o4 0m e m b e r s ,e f f e c t i v e l yo p t i m i z i n gr e s o u r c ea l l o c a t i o nf o rp r o j e c ts u c c e s s .M yc o l l a b o r a t i v ea p p r o a c he x t e n d sa c r o s sa l lo r g a n i z a t i o n a ll e v e l s ,f r o mf r o n t l i n ew o r k e r st os e n i o re x e c u t i v e s .I ' v em a n a g e db u d g e t sr a n g i n gf r o m$ 5 0 kt o$ 2 m l n ,e n s u r i n ge f f i c i e n tr e s o u r c eu t i l i z a t i o n .M ye x p e r t i s el i e si na d e p t l yn a v i g a t i n gc o m p l e xe n v i r o n m e n t s ,a d d r e s s i n gp o l i c yc h a l l e n g e s ,a n do v e r c o m i n gb u r e a u c r a t i co b s t a c l e sw h i l ec o n s i s t e n t l ya c h i e v i n gp r o j e c to b j e c t i v e s .
PROFESSIONALEXPERIENCE
ITSMindependentconsultant|ParttimeProjectmanager,F r e e l a n c eJul2022-Current
•A s s i s t e dw i t hr e d e s i g np r o c e s sw o r k f l o w s ,r o l e sa n dr e s p o n s i b i l i t i e s ,d o c u m e n t a t i o n ,a n da s s o c i a t e dt o o l st or e d u c es i l o sb e t w e e nt e a m sa n di n c r e a s ee f f i c i e n c ya n dd e c r e a s ea v e r a g et i m et or e s o l u t i o nf r o m2 4h o u r st o8w o r k i n gh o u r s .
•C o n s u l t e dw i t hI T S Mt o o ls e l e c t i o nb yi d e n t i f y i n gk e ya s p e c t sf o rc o m p a r ea n db u s i n e s sr e q u i r e m e n t s ,p o l i c i e sa n dc u r r e n tt e a me x p e r i e n c e .R e s e a r c h e d8p r o d u c t sa n da r r a n g e d4d e m o n s t r a t i o n sw i t hv e n d o r so ri t sp a r t n e r s .
ServiceManager,G a z p r o m n e f tApr2021-Jul2022
•P r o v i d e dac l o u d - b a s e ds e r v i c eC a a S( C o n t a i n e r sa saS e r v i c e )t oa p p r o x i m a t e l y1 2 0i n t e r n a ld e v e l o p m e n tt e a m sb ym a n a g i n gs e r v i c et e a mo f8e n g i n e e r s( 3F T Eo f2 n dl i n ee n g i n e e r s ,3F T Eo fd e v e l o p m e n ta n dm a i n t a i ne n g i n e e r s+2F T Eo f1 s tl i n es u p p o r ts p e c i a l i s t s ) .
•D e v e l o p e da n dp r e s e n t e dan e ws e r v i c e ,p a y m e n t ,a n do r d e r i n gp r o c e s s ,n e g o t i a t e do v e r1 0 0p r o j e c t sa n ds e c u r e da n ds i g n e dc o n t r a c t sw i t ho v e r8 0 %o ft h e m .
•S t r e a m l i n e de n d - t o - e n dw o r k f l o wa n da d j u s t e dJ i r af o rS u p p o r ta n dD e v e l o p m e n tt e a m s .A sar e s u l t ,I n c r e a s e dn u m b e ro fi n c i d e n t sa n dr e q u e s t sr e s o l v e dw i t h i nS L Af r o m8 0 %t o9 2 % .
•C o n d u c t e dc o l l a b o r a t i v em e e t i n g s ,e n h a n c i n gp l a n n i n ge f f i c i e n c ya n dr e d u c i n gc o n s u l t a n c yr e q u e s t sf r o m2 0 %t ol e s st h a n5 % .T h i se f f o r ta l s oe l i m i n a t e ds e r v i c ei n c i d e n t sd u et oc o m m u n i c a t i o ni s s u e sa n ds p e e d e du ps e r v i c er e q u e s ta s s i g n m e n t sf r o m5t o2h o u r su s i n gac l e a rm a t r i xa n dd e f i n i t i o n s .
•O p t i m i z e dm o n i t o r i n gp r o c e s s e sa n di m p l e m e n t e dG r a f a n ad a s h b o a r d s ,r e s u l t i n gi nar e m a r k a b l e8 3 %r e d u c t i o ni nm o n t h l yr e p o r tp r e p a r a t i o nt i m ef r o m2 4h o u r st oj u s t4h o u r s .T h i se n h a n c e di s s u ei n v e s t i g a t i o n s ,p r o v i d e ds t r o n ge v i d e n c ed u r i n gd i s c u s s i o n s ,a n de f f e c t i v e l yi d e n t i f i e da n da d d r e s s e dp e r f o r m a n c eb o t t l e n e c k s ,l e a d i n gt os i g n i f i c a n tt i m ea n dr e s o u r c es a v i n g s .
•C o n t r i b u t e dt ot h el a u n c ho fn e ws e r v i c e s( C a a S ,D a a S ,P a a S )a n de s t a b l i s h e dac o m p r e h e n s i v es e r v i c ec a t a l o gf o rt h et r a n s i t i o nt e a m .T h i si n v o l v e dd e v e l o p i n ga r c h i t e c t u r e ,b u d g e t s ,s e r v i c er e q u e s tc a t a l o g s ,d e f i n i n go b j e c t i v e s ,t a r i f f s ,d e v e l o p i n gS L A s ,a n dc o n t r a c t s .
HeadoftheSupportTeam,K i r o v s k yz a v o dJun2012-Mar2021
•E s t a b l i s h e da n ds u p e r v i s e dt e c h n i c a ls u p p o r ts e r v i c e s ,l e a d i n gat e a mo f8t o1 2e n g i n e e r sc o v e r i n gb o t h1 s ta n d2 n dl i n e so fs u p p o r t .M a i n t a i n e do v e r5 0 0 0C Ia n dd e l i v e r e ds u p p o r tt oa p p r o x i m a t e l y2 5 0 0u s e r s .
•E n h a n c e dt h eS e r v i c eD e s kt o o lb yi m p l e m e n t i n gs t r e a m l i n e dw o r k f l o w st a i l o r e dt or e q u e s tt y p e s ,o p t i m i z i n ga l e r t s ,g e n e r a t i n gr e p o r t s ,a n du p d a t i n gt h es e r v i c ep o r t f o l i o .T h i st r a n s i t i o n e d3 0 %o fr e q u e s t sf r o mp h o n eo re m a i lt o8 0 %t h r o u g ht h ec u s t o m e rp o r t a l ,f r e e i n gu pm o r et i m ef o rm a i n t e n a n c ea n ds e r v i c er e q u e s t s .
•B yi n i t i a t i n ga n dm a n a g i n gt h ed e v e l o p m e n to faP Ci n v e n t o r yt o o lf o r5 0 0 0 +a s s e t sa n di n t r o d u c i n ga na n n u a lt e c h n i c a la u d i tf o rp r e c i s ei n f r a s t r u c t u r ei n s i g h t ,c o s tf o r e c a s t i n g ,a n dr i s km a n a g e m e n t ,Ii m p r o v e da s s e t - a c c o u n t i n ga l i g n m e n t ,s i m p l i f i e di n v e n t o r yp r o c e s s e s ,a n ds a v e d1 0 - 1 5 %i nC A P E Xo nu s e rd e v i c e s .
•I np a r t n e r s h i pw i t hR i c o h ,Ie n h a n c e dt h ep r i n t i n gs e r v i c eb yi m p l e m e n t i n gas e c u r ep r i n t i n gm a n a g e m e n ts y s t e m ,S t r e a m l i n eN X ,a n du n i f y i n gd e v i c e s .T h i sr e s u l t e di ns i g n i f i c a n tc o s ts a v i n g s ,w i t he x p e n d i t u r e sd r o p p i n gf r o m1 . 2m i l l i o nr u b l e sp e ry e a rf o rt o n e ra n ds p a r ep a r t st o8 0 0t h o u s a n dr u b l e s .A d d i t i o n a l l y ,w er e d u c e di n c i d e n tr e q u e s t sb yo v e r8 0 % .
ProjectManager,K i r o v - E n o r g o m a s hApr2010–Jun2012
•M a n a g e dac o m p l e xN u c l e a rP o w e rP l a n td e v i c ed e v e l o p m e n tp r o j e c t ,o v e r s e e i n ga l ls t a g e sf r o md e s i g nt oc o m m i s s i o n i n g .W i t hab u d g e te x c e e d i n g2 0 0m i l l i o nr u b l e s ,o v e r5 0 0 0p a r t s ,ah e i g h tr e q u i r e m e n to f1 2 0m e t e r s ,a n dal o a dc a p a c i t yo f8 0 +t o n s ,Ie n s u r e ds u c c e s s f u lp r o j e c tc o m p l e t i o nw h i l em e e t i n gd e a d l i n e s ,e n s u r i n gq u a l i t y ,a n dc o o r d i n a t i n gw i t hc o n t r a c t o r s
•A n a l y z e dc o s tp r o j e c t i o n s ,i d e n t i f i e dg a p si ne x p e n s e sa n dp r o j e c td u r a t i o ne s t i m a t e s ,a n ds u c c e s s f u l l yn e g o t i a t e dc o n t r a c tc h a n g e s ,a d d i n g3 0m i l l i o nr u b l e st ot h ec o n t r a c tc o s ta n de x t e n d i n gt h ed u ed a t eb yt h r e ey e a r s .A d d i t i o n a l l y ,o p t i m i z e dc o n t r o lo p e r a t i o n s ,s a v i n go v e r2 0m i l l i o nr u b l e sa n dc u t t i n gp r o d u c t i o nt i m eb yt h r e em o n t h s .
SKILLS
Toolsandmethodology:I T S M ,J i r a ,M a n a g eE n g i n e ,H P S M ,B P M N ,W a t e r f a l l ,K a n b a n ,S c r u m ,P o w e rB I ·M SP r o j e c t ,M SE x c e l ,G r a f a n a
Skills:L e a d e r s h i p ,P r o j e c tM a n a g e m e n t ,C o m m u n i c a t i o n ,E m o t i o n a li n t e l l i g e n c e ,C o a c h i n ga n dM e n t o r i n g ,S t r a t e g i cP l a n n i n g ,O p e r a t i o nm a n a g e m e n t ,H RM a n a g e m e n t ,C o m p l i a n c ea n dR e g u l a t i o n s ,Q u a l i t yC o n t r o l ,I n v e n t o r yM a n a g e m e n t ,R i s kM a n a g e m e n t
Languageskills:R u s s i a n :n a t i v e ,E n g l i s h :P r o f i c i e n t( C 1 )
EDUCATION
P e t e rt h eG r e a tS t .P e t e r s b u r gP o l y t e c h n i cU n i v e r s i t yB S :I n f o r m a t i o nT e c h n o l o g yi nI n d u s t r y2010


148: Denis Rakitnykh.pdf
Denis
Rakitnykh
Software
Engineer
LinkedIn
iaaaitnykh@gmail.com
+7
960
000
364
64
Moscow,
Russia
Visa
sponsorship
required
A
highly-skilled
software
engineer
with
9+
years
of
experience
in
SDLC/
Programming,
Software
Architecture
and
Team
Management.
A
result-oriented
person
with
effective
clean
coding
practices,
including
design,
unit
testing,
and
peer
code-reviews.
Strong
ability
to
quickly
learn
and
utilize
new
technologies.
EXPERIENCE
Project:
Blockchain
core.
Smart
contract
programming
language.
●
Developed
a
new
parser
and
compiler
of
the
smart
contract
language.
●
Created
specification
of
the
smart
contract
web
IDE
improvements,
implemented
a
backend
module
that
provides
syntax
and
compiler
data
and
led
its
integration.
●
Profiled
and
optimized
the
code.
The
improvement
increased
the
speed
of
the
blockchain
importing
process
by
46%
(from
72
to
39
hours).
●
Analyzed
users'
comments,
made
a
requirement
list
and
optimized
the
language
code
according
to
it.
The
improvement
decreased
the
smart
contract
system
usage
cost
and
its
maintenance
by
30%.
●
Leading
a
process
of
release
planning
which
includes
creation
and
gathering
ideas,
analytics,
specification
development
and
task
creation.
●
Initiated
optimization
of
the
release
planning
process
and
created
a
set
of
measures
to
avoid
deadline
problems.
●
Leading
a
team
of
4
software
engineers.
Project:
Online
travel
agency
(tour
and
lodging
search
and
reservations).
●
Designed
a
distributed
system
for
search
and
aggregation
of
tours,
which
replaced
the
previous
monolithic
application.
Implemented
main
modules
of
the
system.
It
allowed
the
team
to
manage
the
app
instance
amount
in
a
more
flexible
manner,
according
to
load,
and
saved
around
15%
of
the
server
rent
budget.
●
Developed
a
subsystem
for
aggregation
of
peculiar
errors
and
statistics
of
backend
performance
and
their
visualization.
●
Developed
automated
hotel
names-mapping
and
photo-tagging
modules
using
machine
learning
tools:
CatBoost,
TensorFlow.
Reduced
handwork
for
content
managers.
●
Led
a
team
of
3
software
engineers.
●
Involved
in
all
full
stack
development
processes
on
4
different
projects.
●
Developed
an
error
prediction
system
(Healthcare
-
insurance
reports)
which
included:
data
preparation,
cycles
of
prototyping
and
result
analysis.
●
Taught
myself
Scala
and
rewrote
two
core
modules
of
an
outdated
Java
project.
This
revealed
the
advantages
of
the
new
language
to
the
team
and
led
to
rewriting
the
whole
project.
TECHNICAL
SKILLS
●
Java,
Scala,
Python,
JavaScript,
R
●
Spring,
Hibernate,
Kafka,
Jenkins,
AWS,
Nginx,
ElasticSearch,
Docker,
Kubernetes
EDUCATION
Tver
State
University
(Tver,
Russia)
●
Master's
degree:
Fundamental
Informatics
and
Information
Technologies
in
July
2013
●
Bachelor's
degree:
Information
Technology
in
July
2011

149: Dima SIDORENKO.pdf
Dima
SIDORENKO
Full
Stack
Web
Developer
Phone
No:
+7
902
000
9090
Email:
dsidorenko@gmail.com
LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/in/dm-e-sido
renko/
GitHub:
https://github.com/DmSidorenko
A
p a s s i o n a t e
w e b
d e v e l o p e r
w i t h
3
y e a r s
o f
e x p e r i e n c e
i n
p r o d u c t i o n
d e v e l o p m e n t ,
i n t e r e s t e d
i n
s y s t e m
d e s i g n ,
s o f t w a r e
a r c h i t e c t u r e ,
O O P
d e s i g n
p a t t e r n s
a n d
a l g o r i t h m s .
A d o r e
t o
b u i l d
r e l i a b l e
a n d
e f f e c t i v e
s o f t w a r e ,
l o v e
l a t e s t
P H P
f e a t u r e s ,
a d o r e
S y m f o n y ,
l i k e
t h e
b e a u t y
a n d
f r e s h n e s s
o f
G o l a n g
a n d
ﬂ e x i b i l i t y
o f
J a v a S c r i p t .
P R O F E S S I O N A L
E X P E R I E N C E
S e n i o r
D e v e l o p e r
a t
L u x o f t
S t .
P e t e r s b u r g ,
R u s s i a
F e b
2 0 2 1
-
P r e s e n t
●
C r e a t e
a n d
m a i n t a i n
m o b i l e
s e r v i c e s ,
e . g .
p u s h
n o t i ﬁ c a t i o n s
c a m p a i g n
m a n a g e m e n t
s e r v i c e
●
B u i l d
h i g h - l o a d
a n d
t i m e - c o n s u m i n g
s e r v i c e s ,
e . g .
p r o v i d i n g
p a i d
s e r v i c e s
o r d e r i n g
f r o m
m o b i l e
a p p
●
D e s i g n
s o f t w a r e
a r c h i t e c t u r e ,
a n a l y z e
s y s t e m
i m p r o v e m e n t s ,
e . g .
i m p r o v e
o v e r l o a d e d
l e g a c y
s e r v i c e
b y
t r a n s f e r
i t
o n
a n
a s y n c h r o n o u s
m o d e
o f
q u e r y
p r o c e s s i n g
●
R e v i e w
c o d e
a n d
p r o v i d e
t e c h
c o n s u l t a t i o n s
f o r
c o l l e a g u e s ,
e s p e c i a l l y
j u n i o r
d e v e l o p e r s
M i d d l e
W e b
D e v e l o p e r
a t
C D N o w !
S t .
P e t e r s b u r g ,
R u s s i a
J a n
2 0 2 0
-
F e b
2 0 2 1
●
B u i l t
n e w
f e a t u r e s
f o r
c l i e n t ’ s
a n d
a d m i n ’ s
d a s h b o a r d
o f
C D N
s e r v i c e
w e b s i t e ,
i n c l u d i n g
t i m e - c o n s u m i n g
o n e s ,
e . g .
c o n ﬁ g u r a t i o n s
u p d a t e ,
a u t o m a t e
S S L
c e r t i ﬁ c a t e s
o b t a i n i n g
f r o m
u s e r
d a s h b o a r d
●
C r e a t e d
r e a l - t i m e
f e a t u r e s
f o r
a n
o n l i n e
e n t e r t a i n m e n t
p r o j e c t
l i k e
c h a t s
a n d
l i v e
e v e n t
m e s s a g i n g ,
i n t e r n a l
p a y m e n t s ,
r e g u l a r
a u t o m a t i c
p a y m e n t s
e t c .
●
W r o t e
A P I
m e t h o d s ,
b o t h
w i t h
p u b l i c
a n d
p r i v a t e
a c c e s s
●
P r o p a g a t e d
a n d
a d v a n c e d
f o l l o w i n g
c o d e
s t y l e ,
p a t t e r n s
u s i n g ,
i m p l e m e n t i n g
s t a t i c
a n a l y s i s
t o o l s
J u n i o r
W e b
D e v e l o p e r
a t
C D N o w !
S t .
P e t e r s b u r g ,
R u s s i a
N o v
2 0 1 8
-
J a n
2 0 2 0
●
C r e a t e d
s i m p l e
a n d
m i d - c o m p l e x
s c r i p t s
a n d
l a y o u t s
l i k e
C R U D s ,
w e b
i n t e r f a c e s ,
e . g .
f o r
u s i n g
a s
a
p a r t
o f
C D N
s e r v i c e
w e b s i t e
●
I m p l e m e n t e d
s e c u r e d
ﬁ l e
s t o r i n g
o n
A W S
S 3
c l o u d
●
C r e a t e d
d y n a m i c
2 - d
a n d
3 d - g r a p h i c a l
w i d g e t s
e . g .
a n
i n t e r a c t i v e
ﬂ o o r
p l a n s
f o r
r o o m
b o o k i n g
s e r v i c e ,
a
s t a i r
m o d e l l i n g
t o o l
w i t h
3 - d
p r e v i e w s
a n d
2 - d
p d f
d r a w i n g s
f o r
a
s t a i r s
m a n u f a c t u r e r
w e b s i t e
●
U s e d
W o r d p r e s s ,
c r e a t e d
p l u g i n s
f o r
L M S
M o o d l e
E D U C A T I O N
●
P h . D .
i n
r a d i o p h y s i c s ,
2 0 1 6
a t
L o b a c h e v s k y
S t a t e
U n i v e r s i t y ,
N .
N o v g o r o d ,
R u s s i a
●
The
postgraduate
program
in
radiophysics,
2002-2005,
P o l a r
G e o p h y s i c a l
I n s t i t u t e ,
M u r m a n s k
●
MEd
in
teaching
physics
&
computer
technology
(diploma
with
honour),
1997-2002
M u r m a n s k
T e a c h e r s
I n s t i t u t e
T O O L S
A N D
T E C H N O L O G I E S
●
P H P
( S y m f o n y ) ,
G o ,
J S / T S 
●
R e a c t ,
R e a c t
N a t i v e ,
R e d u x ,
V u e
●
M y S Q L ,
P o s t g r e ,
R e d i s 
●
R a b b i t M Q ,
D o c k e r ,
J e n k i n s

150: DMIRTII TKACHENKO.pdf
Python Unix 
SQL 
Jira 
HTML 
 DMIRTII TKACHENKO EDUCATION  Taras Shevchenko National University Bachelor in Computer Science  Aug 2014 – June 2018 Kyiv, UA Taras Shevchenko National University Masters in Computer Science  Aug 2018 – June 2020 Kyiv, UA  EXPERIENCE  Data Operator Ring Ukraine  Nov 2017 – Oct 2018 Kyiv, UA • Labeling the objects on images and video frames using various labeling tools on Mac OS. • Working closely with a development team that supports and improves the labeling tool and R&D team that uses the data produced. • Providing feedback on the tool, and contributing to creating a labeling manual. • Analyzing videos and assign them to defined categories. • Moderation of the multimedia content. • Create reports based on the labeling results.  Community manager Data Science UA  Nov 2019 – May 2020 Kyiv, UA • SMM and Content-management (Facebook, Instagram, Tele- gram, LinkedIn, YouTube). • FB advertising setup. • E-mail marketing. • Event-management. • Public relations. • Project management. LANGUAGES  Ukrainian English German TECHNICAL SKILLS   ACHIEVEMENTS  Computer vision hackathon winner(2nd place) • Application “AR Visual Presence System”. • Collaborated with 4 teammates to build an amazing user experience.  CERTIFICATES  Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python) Coursera  June 2020 Kyiv, UA Programming for Everybody (Python Data Structures Coursera  June 2020 Kyiv, UA Networking Essentials Cisco  May 2015 Kyiv, UA IELTS British Council  May 2015 Kyiv, UA  VOLUNTEER  Developer Student Club Google  Jan – May 2020 Kyiv, UA Hackathon Expert Group Taras Shevchenko National University  Sep 2017-May 2020 Kyiv, UA Data Science Conference #8 Data Science UA  Oct 2019 Kyiv, UA 


151: Eduard SCETININ.pdf
Eduard
SCETININRiga,Latvia+30000074873skeaaane@inbo x.lvLinkedInprofile
Professionalsoftwaredeveloperwith3yearsofexperienceinPythondevelopment,especiallydataprocessing.HaveanexperienceinRESTAPIdevelopmentwithDjangoorFlaskframeworks.
TECHNICAL
PROFICIENCIES
●Backend:Python,Django,Flask,RESTAPI,SQL,
∙Databases:PostgreSQL,Oracle,SQlite
PL/SQL,ORM,MVC
∙Infrastructure:Docker,Kubernetes,
●Frontend:HTML,CSS,Boostrap,JavaScriptJupyterHub,AzureDevOps(Pipelines,(ES6),JQuery,Electron,AngularDeployment),AzureActiveDirectory
●OS:Windows,Linux(Ubuntu)(Authentication,Vault)
●Cloud:AlibabaCloud,Azure
∙Dataprocessing:Spark(PySpark),Hadoop,
●NLP:SpacyPandas,Numpy,JupyterNotebook
●Other:Git,SVN,TFS,Jira,Pycharm,JSON,XML,MicrosoftVisualStudioCode,Agile,Scrum,PalantirFoundry,Powershell
PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE
JUL2019–PRESENTSOFTWAREDEVELOPERC.t.co-ITsolutionsandservicesproviderwith600+employees.DevelopingdataprocessingtoolforChineseregionandsolvinginfrastructureproblems.Buildingdatapipelines. 
●
Building
data
pipelines
on
the
Palantir
Foundry
data
management
platform.Technologies:Python,Pyspark,HDFSKeyAchievements:HelpbusinesstocrossfromSAStoPalantirFoundryhugeamountofdataprocessing.
●
Data
Processing
tools
with
a
bias
on
the
Chinese
region
in
Alibaba
Cloud
.Technologies:Python,Pandas,Numpy,Spacy,Pytest,Jinja2,Jupyter–JupyterLabandJupyterHub,AzureDevOps,AzureActiveDirectory,Spark(PySpark),Docker,KubernetesKeyAchievements:Refactorthemostimportantfunctionalityofalltheproject,whichincreasedthespeedofoperationandfaulttoleranceofthesystem,whichreducedthetimeofemployeesforsupportby30%.
JUL2018–JUL2019SOFTWAREDEVELOPEREmergn–softwarevendorwith500+employee.Learnedthebasicsofmachinelearningbeforefirstprojectstarted.
●SynchronizationservicefromTFStoJira.AdministratingJiratoprovideaspecialviewofallnecessaryticketsfromTFS.Technologies:Python,Jira,TFS,Cron.KeyAchievements:Successfullydeliveredserviceformanagementofthecompanyfulfillingalltherequirements.
●WebApplicationwiththeinformationaboutcompanyemployeeconnectionsinAzureCloud.Technologies:Python,Flask,JavaScript,JQuery,JSlint,JSON.KeyAchievements:Inashorttimesuccessfullylaunchedtheprojecttoshowitforcustomers.Learnedback-endsidewithPythonandfront-endwithJavaScriptandJQuery.
●Applicationwiththestatisticsbasedonemployeestatsandpredictionshowitcanbeimproved.Technologies:Electron,JavaScript,JQuery,JSlint,JSONKeyAchievements:Movingprojectfromwebtoapp-basedapproachforWindowsandMac.Quicklyandefficientlydeliveralltheclient’sstories.
EDUCATION
JUNE2019BACHELOR’SDEGREEOFENGINEERINGSCIENCESINCOMPUTERCONTROLAND
COMPUTERSCIENCE,RIGATECHNICALUNIVERSITYResearchonDjangoFrameworkforPythonApplicationsDevelopment
ACTIVITIES
●Languages–English(fluent),Russian(native),Latvian(fluent).
●Personaltraits–initiative-taking,capableofquicklearningthetechnologiesanddeepanalyzingtheproblems.
●Interests–Mobiletechnologies,urbanstudies,travelling.
2


152: EGOR BALIUK.pdf
EGOR BALIUK   baliuk.eeee@gmail.com   baliuuuuu    7 977 111-06-39  EDUCATION Higher School of Economics, Moscow, Russia 2019 – 2023 Bachelor of Computer Science, Applied Mathematics and Information Science  EXPERIENCE Chatex (a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency marketplace) Feb 2020 – Present As a golang developer: • Decreased number of questions and requests from the support team to the developers by 95% by developing an administration tool. • Created a RabbitMQ consumer that receives data from various parts of the product, enriches, groups events in batches, and sends to several resources (Google Analytics, etc.) for further analysis. • Introduced and developed a mechanism of A/B test integration. Thanks to this development, we have tested new hypotheses and increased the conversion of successful registration by 8%. • Wrote a specification for our public API. Added and implemented logic for new endpoints and maintained the old ones. • Reduced the 95 percentile response time of several API methods by 2.5 times by optimizing the code and removing redundant remote procedure calls.  PERSONAL PROJECTS BDayTracker [Go, Kotlin] A Telegram bot that reminds you about your friends’ birthdays. Users can add new friends manually or ask the bot to parse the information from VK — the largest CIS-oriented social network. At first, I implemented it in Kotlin, but then rewrote it in Go. On average, the bot sends reminders to nearly 90 users every day. DocumentConverter [Python] It’s a simple web application that can convert documents from one format to another (e.g., DOCX to PDF). I used Flask (Python framework) to develop it. My fellow students use it regularly for our studies.  SKILLS Languages Go (main language), C++, Python Other PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, Prometheus, k8s, Docker, gRPC, SQL, Bash  AWARDS Yandex Championship Prizewinner The competition for backend developers. 2019 Belarusian National Olympiad in Informatics Silver medal The largest and most the important competition for Belarusian high school students. 2018, 2019 Russian Open Olympiad in Informatics Silver medal Exciting and one of the most valuable olympiad for Russian high school students. 2019 International Zhautykov Olympiad Bronze medal One of the most prestigious educational events held in Kazakhstan. 2019 Hashcode, Google Code Jam, Kotlin Heroes Participant 2018 - 2020 


153: Egor Pianykh.pdf
Egor
Pianykh
206-482-7070
egor.pianykh@gmail.com
A
decent
software
engineer
is
looking
to
build
expertise
in
distributed
software
at
scale.
GlobalLogic
Inc
2013
-
present
Backend
Engineer,
a
hospitality
company
Feb
2021
-
Present
●
Developing
card
payment
services
for
a
hospitality
company
Primary
technologies:
Azure,
C#,
Java
Software
Engineer,
medical
ECG
monitoring
May
2020
-
Nov
2020
●
Created
an
infrastructure
as
a
code
for
on-prem
Cassandra
cluster
deployments.
This
is
a
part
of
a
system
that
will
enable
my
client
to
deploy
solutions
to
military
hospitals
and
hospitals
that
prefer
to
manage
their
infrastructure.
●
Implemented
a
metrics
agent
to
monitor
the
health
of
the
Cassandra
cluster.
The
agent,
along
with
the
Kibana
dashboard,
will
allow
the
ops
team
to
monitor
the
cluster's
health
and
provide
appropriate
SLA.
Primary
technologies:
Linux,
Docker,
Docker
swarm
mode,
Cassandra,
Elastic,
Kibana
Project
Coordinator,
legacy
ECG
devices
Oct
2019
-
May
2020
●
Provided
technical
leadership
and
direction
to
35
software
engineers,
quality
engineers,
and
business
analysts.
Facilitated
collaboration
between
stakeholders
and
development
teams
and
saved
hundreds
of
work
hours
by
minimizing
the
communication
time
gap.
●
Represented
a
team
on
organization
meetings,
enabled
quick
issue
resolution.
●
Conducted
cost-benefit
analysis
for
remote
customer
support
tooling.
Presented
the
findings
to
a
team
of
executives.
The
decision
that
was
made
saved
a
company
hundreds
of
thousands
of
dollars
per
year.
●
Led
an
effort
to
adjust
APIs
with
a
third-party
vendor.
Fast
problem
solving
led
to
the
timely
release
and
avoided
reputation
losses
to
my
client.
Primary
technologies:
communication,
PowerPoint,
Excel
Senior
Software
Engineer,
medical
ultrasound
machines
Jun
2017
-
Oct
2019
●
Designed
and
implemented
a
set
of
tools
to
reprogram
faulty
ultrasonic
transducers
in
the
field.
This
toolset
saved
over
20M
dollars,
avoiding
the
replacement
of
probes.
And
most
importantly
prevented
ultrasonographers
from
cancer
misdiagnosis.
●
Implemented
a
workaround
for
a
bug
in
the
NVIDIA
display
driver
that
appears
only
with
custom
display
and
in
out-of-support
cards.
This
workaround
could
save
thousands
of
hours
of
field
engineers'
work
and
millions
of
company
losses.
●
Fixed
numerous
hard
to
reproduce
issues
in
legacy
systems
with
over
2M
lines
of
code
and
heavily
dependent
on
global
variables.
Primary
technologies:
C++,
C#,
.NET
Framework,
WPFTech
Lead,
semiconductor
burn-in
oven
automation
Jan
2017
-
Mar
2017
●
Established
the
agile
process,
sprints
and
enabled
my
team
on
every
demo.
●
Designed
a
portal
for
configuring
a
semiconductor
burn-in
oven.
Improved
production
floor
operators'
speed
of
work
and
reduced
the
number
of
defective
batches
by
5%.
●
Led
a
team
to
the
successful
implementation
of
the
project
on
time.
Prevented
the
downtime
for
already
installed
equipment
and
enabling
the
next
round
of
million
dollars
budgeting
for
a
greater
team.
●
Facilitated
collaboration
between
developers
and
business
analysts.
Primary
technologies:
ASP.NET
WebApi,
Angular,
Bootstrap,
SQL
Server
Software
Engineer,
CRM
system
Jun
2016
-
Jan
2017
●
Tracked
a
rare
critical
bug
that
was
missed
by
dozens
of
eyes.
Nobody
knew
how
it
was
introduced
to
the
system.
Spent
hundreds
of
hours
researching
codebase
and
experimenting
with
the
CI/CD
system.
Successfully
unblocked
a
team
on
their
goal
to
unbind
CRM
from
SQL
Server.
●
Merged
an
enormous
amount
of
branches
in
git
in
a
system
with
around
1500
active
developers.
Enabled
my
teammates
to
move
faster
and
saved
hundreds
of
development
time
by
using
my
git
expertise.
Fullstack
Engineer,
Private
Equity
Fund
Nov
2012
-
May
2016
●
Implemented
an
Excel
macro
merge
tool
that
could
save
a
team
over
96
person-days
yearly.
●
Optimized
a
data
ingestion
endpoint
by
using
a
low-level
reading
API.
This
enabled
accountants
to
load
ten
times
bigger
documents
and
decreased
processing
times
by
four
times
on
average.
Primary
technologies:
ASP.NET
WebApi,
ExtJS
SQL
Server
EPAM
Systems
June
2012
-
Nov
2013
Software
Engineer,
market
risk
calculation
platform
●
Developed
software
to
migrate
config
files
used
across
the
bank.
●
Effectively
communicated
to
pull
people
from
the
different
teams
together
and
migrated
configs
in
one
release.
This
enabled
the
retirement
of
old
services
earlier
and
saved
hundreds
of
man-hours
of
developers'
work.
Other
projects
that
I
have
done
while
studying
or
off
work
2008
-
2012
●
Architecture
and
implementation
of
automated
dispatch
GIS
system
for
a
trucking
company
●
Driving
the
insurance
company
payroll
platform
from
0
to
completion.
Education
and
certificates
●
Bachelor
degree
in
Applied
Mathematics
in
East
Ukrainian
State
University
●
Deep
Learning
School
by
Moscow
Institute
of
Physics
and
Technology
(completed
the
first-semester
study,
to
be
completed
in
2021)
●
Deeplearning.ai
specialization
on
coursera.org
●
Machine
Learning
Scientist
with
Python
on
DataCamp.com

154: EGOR SADIBEKOV .pdf
EGOR SADIBEKOV - SOFTWARE ENGINEER  | email: sadibe11111@gmail.com phone: (+7) 7073219111 | Summary: Experienced product-oriented software engineer with 2+ years in fintech, driven by a strong passion for building secure, scalable, and efficient systems that can serve millions of users.  EDUCATION M.S. in Information Systems 2022 – 2024 at Kazakh British Technical University Research: Assessing brain development in children by analyzing brain signals (EEG) with Python and ML. B.A. in Political Science 2018 – 2022 at Nazarbayev University  WORK EXPERIENCE Software Engineer at Kaspi.kz (60B evaluation, LSE listed - KAKZF) 05/2022 – Present TechStack: Java 17, Kotlin, Kubernetes Almaty, Kazakhstan ● Proposed and implemented a solution, integrating JWT security authorization and Redis caching, resulting in an 80% reduction in database queries. ● Reduced backend service latency from 1500 ms to 300 ms by implementing parallel decomposition of workers and asynchronous programming in a collaborative team setting. ● Developed a reactive rate limiter microservice in Java, bolstering security against denial-of-service attacks as part of a cross-functional team. ● Spearheaded the creation of a mobile service for secure data management, leading to a remarkable 95% increase in positive user reviews. ● Optimized Spring unit and integration tests by 70% through abstract class inheritance, contributing to more efficient daily continuous integration processes. ● Implemented Kafka-based event control, enabling auditing for 80% of business processes, such as online credit transactions. Software Engineer at Sberbank (the largest digital ecosystem in Russia) 05/2021 – 04/2022 TechStack: Python, Apache Airflow, Kafka Moscow, Russia ● Implemented a ranking system based on statistical algorithms in Python, leveraging Apache Airflow for workflow orchestration. This led to a remarkable productivity increase of over 80%. ● Engineered a Python-based smart push notification algorithm, integrated with Kafka for real-time event streaming. This algorithm increased revenue by 150% through timely debt collection reminders. ● Proposed and successfully executed a strategy to minimize systematic deviations from 60 to a core 15, significantly enhancing data analysis quality and the performance of existing algorithms. TECHNOLOGIES & SKILLS Java | Kotlin | Python | Git | Kubernetes, Docker | Apache Kafka, Airflow | Camunda BPM | OpenCV | SQL (PostgreSQL, MySQL), NoSQL (Redis, MongoDB) | Effective team worker | Problem solver PROJECTS Restaurant booking /restaurant-book ● Developed a Kotlin backend using reactive programming, incorporating both CQRS and Event Sourcing design patterns. Supports asynchronous reservation of restaurant places. Blog Posting Application /simple-blog-application ● Built a Spring Boot-based application with Java backend and Vue.js frontend that enables authorized users to publish and read blog posts on any topic. Car model Recognizer /car-model-recognizer ● Implemented a Java computer vision algorithm using convolutional neural network, capable of identifying car models based on car images. 

155: Elena Akterskaia.pdf
Elena Akterskaia, PhD Green Card Holder Profile +1 619 111-0525 aktersaaa@gmail.com 333 Harrison St, San Francisco CA 
 • Enthusiastic software engineer with academic and industrial experience (5+ years) in algorithms development and optimization, with focus on efficiency and automation. PhD research experience (finished in 3 years), developed a complex numerical simulation approach that allowed modeling failure progression in aircraft fuselage. • Programming: Python (adv.), Matlab (adv.), SQL(int.), C (int.) • Numerical: probability theory, simulations, numpy, pandas, scipy, scikit-learn, matplotlib, pytorch • ML algorithms: deep learning, computer vision, linear / logistic regression, random forest, gradient boosted trees, SVM, kNN, PCA, k-means Education 2019 Ph.D., Mechanical Engineering, Leibniz University Hannover, Germany, GPA 1.0/1.0  Courses on Advanced Algorithms and Data structures, Machine Learning, Databases and SQL for Data Science, 2019 Programming on Python, System Design, Statistics for Data Science, Programming for competitions 2019 Project Management, Leibniz University Hannover, Germany, Certificate 2012 M.S., Computational Mechanics, Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University, Russia, GPA 5.0/5.0 2010 B.C., Computational Mechanics, Peter the Great St. Petersburg Polytechnic University, Russia, GPA 4.95/5.0 WORK EXPERIENCE  2016-2019 Associate Researcher, Leibniz University Hannover, Germany • Developed a novel multiscale method for modeling and prediction of failure progression in the fuselage aircraft, performed material degradation modeling and established a framework for recalculation of homogenized properties to ensure seamless transfer of information from the refined local level to larger global level which allowed to reduce computational time up to 50% • Developed automatic pipeline for model creations for the finite element software (full geometry described by nodes and elements locations and properties) and post-processing output data for the part of fuselage model, increasing prediction accuracy to 1-3% 2018 Marie Skłodowska-Curie Fellow, Porto University, Portugal • Designed and implemented scripts for automatization of models’ creation and transfer data between models 2017 Marie Skłodowska-Curie Fellow, University of Bristol, UK • Formulated discrete cohesive zone model for shell panel structures that allows physical modeling of adhesive layer between panels and leads to decrease in computational time by 75% 2008-2015 Head of optional educational courses • Prospecting for new customers and PR. Teacher of advanced math, physics 2008-2012 Research scientist SWE, CompMech Lab Ltd., Russia • Developed a set of programs for automatic parametric model generations to obtain and evaluate homogenized properties of composite materials. Post-processed and analyzed results from simulations of stochastic models to investigate influence of random inclusions and their sizes on material level. Hyperparameter search for an optimal model for the injection molding simulation of a bumper. Publications  • Akterskaia M, Camanho P, Jansen E, Arteiro A, Rolfes R. Progressive delamination analysis through two-way global- local coupling approach preserving energy dissipation for single-mode and mixed-mode loading, CS 223, 2019 • Akterskaia M, Jansen E, Hallett S, Weaver P, Rolfes R. Progressive Failure Analysis of Stiffened Composite Panels Using a Two-Way Loose Coupling Approach Including Intralaminar Failure and Debonding, AIAA Journal 57, n. 7, 2019 • Akterskaia M, Jansen E, Hallett S, Weaver P, Rolfes R. Analysis of skin-stringer debonding in composite panels through a two-way global-local method, Composite Structures 202, 1280–1294, 2018 • Akterskaia M, Jansen E, Hühne S, Rolfes R. Efficient progressive failure analysis of multi-stringer stiffened composite panels through a two-way loose coupling global-local approach, Composite Structures.183, 137–145, 2018 • Book chapter: Akterskaia M, Jansen E, Hallett S, Weaver P, Rolfes R. Post-buckling progressive failure analysis of composite panels using a two-way global-local coupling approach including intralaminar failure and debonding. In Advances in Predictive Models and Methodologies for Numerically Efficient Linear and Nonlinear Analysis of Composites. Springer International Publishing, 2019, pp. 83–102 

156: Elena Gale.pdf
Elena	Gale	U I / U X D E S I G N E R    Paphos, Cyprus +357 97 788000 hi@juliaggggcom         PROFILE  I pursue design because of its vast potential to help people in day-to-day life, and for its integration of beauty and utility. I’m keen on exploring human-centred, interactive, engaging design, also, prototyping which helps think through interaction models and new possibilities. After all, I want to apply my skills to create a positive impact.  EXPERIENCE  Simila Cyprus Ltd, Paphos, Cyprus UI/UX Designer & Advertising Manager Jul 2017 – Present Collaborated closely with stakeholders to design a responsive, intuitive and engaging website across the property and car rental products on multiple devices. Accomplishments: Revised and improved the information architecture to make users easy to navigation on the website which leads to an increase of the conversion rate by 30% over an older design. Updated brand logo and assets, created and implemented streamlined templates, created more reliable and cohesive brand perception which is confirmed by Traveler's Choice 2020 from TripAdvisor. Product Marketing: managing an organisation's online presence including public relations, communications and social media management and created and optimise content for the Web site using a variety of graphics and information from different courses. UX / UI Design: conducted user research, user journey maps, identifying problems and user needs, prototyping, competitive analysis, and visual design.  Freelancer (contracts) UI/UX Designer Jan 2015 – Present As a freelance designer, have worked on wide variety of clients from Canada, the UK, the USA, Ukraine and more to deliver multiple design projects, including UI design, UX flows, storyboards, layout design, landing pages, illustration, typography, and motion graphics. Built UI mockups and prototypes. Collaborated with engineers ensure high- quality implementation.  Kharkov For Rent, Kharkiv, Ukraine Web Designer & Marketing Manager May 2010 – Dec 2014 Worked closely with the owner to develop a corporate design system, including logo, typography, image style, colours and design principle defining visual parameters for the local property rental service. Created user experience and user interface across mobile and web platforms. Worked with the marketing team and engineers to conduct user research, create personas, UX flows, wireframes, and low to high fidelity prototype.  Dream Way, Kharkiv, Ukraine Photographer & Social Media Coordinator Mar 2011 – May 2013  VOLUNTEERING  International Children’s Heart Foundation, Memphis, TN, USA Photographer Sep 2011 – Feb 2013 Worked with an international team of doctors and nurses visiting the Kharkiv Children’s Hospital. Prepared photo-based visual storylines of the children through their treatment and recovery journey, and prepared presentations for social media reporting and fundraising programs.  SKILLS  UI/UX Design Interaction Design Branding + Identity Wireframing Prototyping Information Architecture   TOOLS  Figma App Sketch App Adobe Creative Suite Principle Webflow Invision Pen & Paper  Basic HTML/CSS Basic After Effects   EDUCATI ON  Sochnik Design School Web & UI Design Jan 2017 – May 2017 STEP Academy Computer Graphics & Design Sep 2008 – May 2009 Kharkiv National University of Economics Master’s in Business Economics Sep 2005 - May 2010  LANG UA G ES  English IELTS - Overall 7,5 Fluent Ukrainian Native Russian Fluent 

157: Eshi Juraev.pdf
SUM M ARY
Eshi
Juraev
Email:
baaahayotoff@gmail.com
LinkedIn:
aaakhayot
GitHub:
aaakhayot
Software
engineer
with
3+
years
of
experience
in
back-end
development
with
designing
and
implementing
scalable,
cloud
appli- 
cations
and
microservice-based
distributed
systems
using
various
technologies.EXPERIENCE
Neulpum
Maru
—
e-commerce
platform
in
South
KoreaRemote,Seoul-SouthKorea
•SoftwareDeveloperatDevelopmentTeam
Mar
2023
—
Present
◦
Developed
data
scraping
mechanisms
using
Python
and
web
scraping
tools
for
data
collecting
and
analysing
◦
Built
a
secure
back-end
API
integration
for
custom
order
service,
enabling
real-time
data
fetching
and
processing
◦
Implemented
CRM
system
by
distributing
multiple
services
and
integrating
background
workers
using
Celery
and
Redis
Digital
EntertainmentRemote,Daegu-SouthKorea
•BackendDeveloperatDevelopmentTeam
Mar
2023
—
Jul
2023
◦
Developed
an
AI
chat
bot
application
using
the
OpenAI
Chat
GPT
API
◦
Customized
the
GPT
model
to
respond
as
various
famous
characters,
providing
engaging
and
immersive
interactions
◦
Integrated
the
application
as
part
of
a
metaverse
app,
enhancing
user
experience
within
the
virtual
world
Dirilis
Group
INC
—
Innovative
IT
Solutions
ProviderRemote,Chicago-USA
•BackendDeveloperatDevelopmentTeam
Jan
2023
—
Mar
2023
◦
Implemented
API
integration
using
Python
AWS
Lambda
functions
(Serverless)
by
storing
Data
to
DynamoDB
on
AWS
◦
Serviced
Cron
based
jobs
by
scheduling
tasks
form
AWS
lambda
functions
◦
Worked
with
Frontend
Team
to
connect
API
callbacks
from
AWS
API-Gateways
from
integrated
data
Papamarket
—
e-commerce
platform
in
South
KoreaSeoul,SouthKorea
•SoftwareEngineeratITDevelopmentTeam
Jun
2022
—
Mar
2023
◦
Implemented
a
scalable
Demand
Forecasting
system
using
forecasting
models
and
order
datasets
by
enhancing
accuracy
◦
Developed
Warehouse
System
with
real-time
product
quantity
tracking
service
that
reduced
Fresh
Team
workload
by
30%
◦
Built
internal
services
for
automation,
data
fetching,
web
scraping
and
data
parsing
using
Python
and
JavaScript
◦
Implemented
CI/CD
pipeline
for
auto
deployment
using
Jenkins
and
Github
actions
Keimyung
University,
Daegu
—
Outsourcing
for
Tech
CompaniesDaegu,SouthKorea
•BackendDeveloperatDevelopmentTeam
Mar
2021
—
May
2022
◦
Developed
(HelpMeUp)
Social
Platform
by
bringing
several
services
to
solve
problems
of
students
during
their
semesters
◦
Implemented
and
maintained
10+
web
applications
by
using
Python
and
Go
programming
languages
◦
Created
CRUD
based
RESTful
APIs
with
JWT
authentication
methods
by
using
Gin
Framework
of
Golang
SKILLS
Languages:
Python,
JavaScript,
Go,
C#,
SQL 
Frameworks:
Django,
FastAPI,
Flask,
NodeJS,
EspressJS,
ES6,
JQuery,
SpringBoot,
Gin,
PostgreSQL,
MySQL,
SQLite3 
Others:
Docker,
Kafka,
Celery,
Redis,
Jenkins,
Linux,
AWS,
Unity
Game
Engine
EDUCATION
◦
Bachelor
of
Engineering
in
Game
Mobile
Engineering,
Keimyung
University
Mar
2020
—
Jul
2023
Relevant
courses:
Operating
Systems,
AI
in
Game
Development,
Distributed
Systems,
Databases,
Web
Development, 
Algorithms,
Data
Structures,
Data
Communication,
Object
Oriented
Programming,
Networks
ADDITIONAL
◦
Languages:
English,
Russian,
Korean,
Uzbek
◦
Volunteering:
Mentored
and
reviewed
homework
assignments
at
Coding
School
(KMU)
programming
for
beginners
◦
Awards:
Best
English
Translator
and
Guide
of
IT
Development
Team
(Papamarket)


158: Evgenii Kalinin.pdf
Evgenii Kalinin MyHomeCity, Ohio | 513-000-0000 | xxxxxxx@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/xxxxxxxxxx/  SUMMARY IT professional with more than 15 years of experience in the field. Quick learner. Has a wide variety of skills in networking, IT infrastructure, operating systems, virtualization, cloud technologies, databases, system design, deployment automation, monitoring and more. Adept at utilizing consistent and organized practices to achieve company goals, even in high-pressure environments.  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  Technical Operations Manager | MyCurrentCompany | MyHomeCity, OH July 2019 – Current • Led 7 projects from Managed Services Operations side through the entire project life cycle, successfully meeting SLA conditions. • Implemented changes to the monitoring systems that resulted in reduction of the number of incidents by 20%. • Made improvements to the alert management process that decreased the number of monitoring events by 70% and reduced LOE for the L1 support team accordingly. • Prepared detailed technical plans and instructions for engineering teams conducting maintenance windows. • Designed and implemented components for large-scale systems, including but not limited to: network design, load balancing, capacity planning, performance analysis, disaster recovery, CI/CD, autoscaling. • Worked on triage, investigation and resolution of Production incidents. • Guided, coached and lead project teams, delegating tasks and evaluating performance and progression of project pace.  Lead IT Engineer | MyCurrentCompany January 2017 – July 2019 • Implemented monitoring systems and performance analysis tools based on Prometheus, Victoria Metrics, Grafana, ICINGA. • Implemented deployment automation processes based on GitLab CI, Ansible, AWX, Jenkins, Rundeck and other automation solutions. • Developed Bash and Python wrappers for legacy automation jobs and monitoring tools. • Supported migration of legacy solutions to environments based on Docker and Kubernetes. • Organized migration of software solutions to virtualized environments based on KVM, Hyper-V, VMWare.  IT Engineer | MyCurrentCompany April 2014 – January 2017 • Utilized knowledge of Linux operating system, network equipment and protocols to perform administration, performance analysis and troubleshooting of large-scale software solutions in Production and Non-Production environments. • Acquired experience in administration and troubleshooting of systems based on Linux, Weblogic, Java, Oracle DB, Oracle RAC. • Developed Bash and Python scripts to automate day-to-day activities of Managed Services Operations team. • Supported implementation of new ticketing systems based on Jira. Head of Network Operations Department | MyExCompany | Saratov, Russian Federation February 2012 – April 2014 • Completed migration of the backbone network nodes in regional data centers from Cisco 7200 series to Cisco ASR 9000 series • Implemented new network monitoring and incident management strategies with proactive approach. That decreased the number of incidents by about 30%, improved SLIs and reduced average resolution time for Sev.1 and Sev.2 incidents by at least 10%. • Provided technical guidance and expertise to the Network Development and Network Operation teams.  Lead Network Operations Engineer | MyExCompany September 2010 – February 2012 • Implemented IPv6 on the backbone network and RAS devices. • Implemented IGMP over MPLS on the backbone network to provide triple play services to the customers • Performed troubleshooting for Juniper, Cisco and other network equipment using port mirroring and deep packet analysis. • Deployed hardware-based and software-based PBX setups with GSM gateways, SIP and different kinds of trunks. • Troubleshot complex multi-vendor network service provider issues. • Collaborated with vendors to identify best options for optimizing network performance. • Implemented new network monitoring strategy based on Cricket and a self-made alerting system.  Network Operations Engineer | MyExCompany March 2008 – September 2010 • Utilized knowledge of TCP/IP stack and other network protocols like OSPF, ISIS, BGP, MPLS to provide reliable operations of a large region-scaled network. • Utilized knowledge of Cisco, Juniper, Dell, Huawei, D-Link and network equipment of other vendors to support day-to-day work of the Network Operations Department • Used deep knowledge of network protocols to analyze the traffic captured from the network devices 0to troubleshoot network issues. • Performed network devices provisioning. • Monitored network capacity and performance to diagnose and resolve complex network problems.  SKILLS ITIL • Linux • System Administration • Ansible • AWX • Jenkins • CI/CD • Gitlab CI • Docker • Kubernetes • KVM, QEMU, Hyper-V, VMWare • Oracle DB, RAC, ASM • Weblogic • System Design • High Availability • Performance Monitoring • Fault Monitoring • Capacity Planning • Load Balancing • SSL • TLS • TSDB - Prometheus, InfluxDB • Grafana • Networking, Firewalls, VPN • Cisco, Juniper • Routing - BGP, OSPF, MPLS • L2 networking • VoIP • SIP • RTP/SRTP • Dial Plans • Communication channel equipment  PROGRAMMING AND SCRIPTING Python • Shell / Bash • C • Java • JavaScript • SQL, PL/SQL • WLST  EDUCATION Saratov State University | Saratov, Russian Federation | 1999 – 2004 Field of Study – Computer Science Degree Obtained – University Diploma, Engineering 

159: Fedor Shulyak.pdf
Fedor Shulyak DevOps Engineer    Address Cambridge, United Kingdom Email shaaak11111@gmail.com Phone +447795877777    01 PROFILE I am an IT professional over 6 years of experience, mostly as a DevOps Engineer. I have deep experience with various AWS services such as EC2 / RDS / DynamoDB / VPC / Route53 / EKS /S3 / ActiveMQ /Lambda / IAM / Cloudformation, etc. Also, I am proficient with Docker and Kubernetes for containerization tasks as well as Terraform as Infrastructure as Code tasks. Have hands-on experience with Ansible and Chef as configuration management tools, Python, and Shell for scripting means. Computer network experience.   02 SKILLS Infrastructure as Code (IaC) Continuous Integration (CI) Terraform Kubernetes (k8s) Docker Ansible Chef Jenkins Teamcity Gitlab-CI Prometheus Amazon AWS Microsoft Azure Python Scripting Shell Scripting Computer Networks Linux Nginx Splunk  03 EMPLOYMENT HISTORY   09/2019 — Present DevOps Engineer at Gearset Cambridge, United Kingdom  • Maintenance and development of high-load Kubernetes cluster hosted in AWS (kops / EKS). • Design and maintenance of application build, test, and infrastructure CI pipelines (python, bash, Teamcity). • Development of automated scripts for security and infrastructure control (using python and AWS Lambda). • Configured routine platform security audit (OWASP). • Close work with developers to provide necessary consultation about integration platform features and application itself.   04/2019 — 09/2019 Site Reliability Engineer at Accenture Riga, Latvia • Support of huge high-load development platform based on docker-swarm including multiple applications (Jira / Confluence / Jenkins / Gitlab / BitBucket / Selenium / Artifactory / Nexus, etc.). • Managing AWS stack infrastructure using Cloudformation and Terraform. • Configuration and system management using Ansible.    04/2018 — 04/2019 DevOps Engineer at Accenture Riga, Latvia  • DevOps team lead and team management. • Developed an isolated continuous integration production system for the client (based on Kubernetes and python automation). • Support of development processes with a configuration of CI/CD jobs and pipelines in Jenkins and GitLab-CI. Configuration and maintain docker images build pipelines and deployment processes to different environments. • System and configuration management using Chef. • Python and shell scripts development.    11/2017 — 04/2018 DevOps Lead at SolbegSoft Minsk, Belarus  • Design and management of the company infrastructure and networks (Mikrotik / HP / Juniper / oVirt / VMWare / Windows Server / Active Directory ). • Achieved high redundancy of the company infrastructure. • Created fluent internal workflows, and implemented DevOps practices for many internal teams. • DevOps team training planning. • Improvement of internal company servers and network infrastructure. • Developed automated CI system for client dynamic websites hosted in AWS using Ansible, python and bash.   03/2017 — 10/2017 DevOps Engineer at SolbegSoft Minsk, Belarus  • Configuration and maintenance of the high-load web cluster based on the NixOps configuration management and deployment system (Nixops / NixOS / Teamcity / AWS RDS). • Configuration of various CI/CD pipelines using Teamcity (for .Net / PHP / JS etc.). • Design and configuration from scratch web-cluster using Ansible, Terraform and AWS stack. Configuration docker images build for .Net Core-based project. • Configuration of virtualization Hyper-V and oVirt based failover cluster for internal company infrastructure. • Provisioning and maintenance of servers and networks in code-driven infrastructure (AWS) LAN hardware configuration (HP/Mikrotik) using Terraform and Ansible.   09/2016 — 03/2017 DevOps Engineer at Esodin.by Minsk, Belarus  • Maintenance of the web cluster hosted in AWS using Ansible, Terraform. • Provisioning and support servers, networks hosted in AWS using Terraform. • Design and configuration of continuous integration pipelines in TeamCity. • Configuration and maintenance of .Net Core dockerized microservice system. 01/2016 — 08/2016 System Administrator at Esodin.by Minsk, Belarus  • Technical user support. • LAN laying and installation. • Installation and configuration of services (Active Directory, DHCP, DNS, Samba) based on Windows Server family systems. • High-availability file server configuration using a Debian-based server system with smb protocol and authorization using Active Directory. • Network security configuration with the Kerio gateway system. • Design and support of the Qemu-KVM virtualization cluster for company infrastructure. • Incident management using centralized monitoring and alerting system (Zabbix).  10/2013 — 08/2015 System Administrator at School of Business and Management of Technology of BSU Minsk, Belarus • LAN layout and installation. • Design, monitoring, and maintenance of LAN based on Cisco vendor equipment. • User technical support. • Configuration of distributed Active Directory federation. • Support of VMware based hypervisor cluster. • The number of supported hosts is about 150.   04 COURSES  Sep 2016 — Nov 2016 CCNA 1 Introduction to Networks   Dec 2016 — Feb 2017 CCNA 2 Routing and Switching Essentials   Mar 2017 — Apr 2017 CCNA 3 Scaling Network   Apr 2017 — Jun 2019 CCNA 4 Advanced Network 

160: Gregoriy Alexeev.pdf
Gregoriy
Alexeev
UI/UX
Designer
Tbilisi,
Georgia
/
+995
000-637-978
/
greg
.alexeev@me.com
/
Portfolio
A
hard-working,
motivated,
and
experienced
UI/UX
Designer
with
a
strong
online
portfolio,
attention
to
detail,
and
excellent
management
skills.
Quick
learner
with
modern
ideas
and
a
huge
knowledge
base.
Having
excellent
communication
skills
I
can
easily
fit
a
cross-functional
Agile
team
.
Always
ready
to
perform
tasks
quickly
in
different
fields
like
design,
development,
management,
or
analyses.
EXPERIENCE
Senior
UI/UX
Designer
Apr
2021
-
Present
Dualboot
Partners,
Charlotte,
NC
(Remote)
Designing
complex
user
flows,
researching
personas,
organizing
design
systems
for
Web
and
Mobile
(iOS,
Android)
applications
and
SaaS.
Communicating
with
product
directors,
stakeholders,
and
distributed
developers
team.
Improving
design
management
process
and
mentoring
junior
designers.
Senior
UI/UX
Designer
Feb
2019
-
Mar
2021
Coursly .co,
Moscow
Designed
an
online
LMS
using
the
best
practices
of
Interface
Design
in
6
months
by
implementing
a
system
based
on
reusable
components
.
Increased
the
number
of
trial
users
by
400%
with
A/B
testing.
Designed
onboarding
process
and
decreased
a
load
of
support
center
by
270%
Senior
UI/UX
Designer,
Team
Lead
Sep
2016
-
Feb
2019
#VA,
Moscow
Managed
a
team
of
designers
and
developers.
Worked
with
customers’
requirements
.
Designed
over
35
projects
based
on
user
interviews,
prototypes
and
user
flows.
$60,000
turnover
of
the
company
in
its
first
year
on
the
web
design
market.
Built
online
courses
with
over
300
students
who
completed
the
course
on
UI/UX
design.
Senior
Web
Developer
Jun
2016
-
May
2018
TechProMarketing,
Boston,
MA
(Remote)
Full
Stack
Web
Development.
Landing
Page
and
eCommerce
websites
design
mockups
integration
.
SEO
optimization
and
API
integration
of
Stripe
and
Plaid
Processing.
Built
continuous
integration
(CI)
for
WordPress-based
websites.
Managed
a
team
of
7
developers.
Writing
tech
specs
and
documentation.
Junior
UI
Designer
Jun
2014
-
Dec
2014
AIC,
Moscow
Web
and
mobile
data-driven
design
(iOS
&
Android)
of
banking
dashboards
and
financial
services.
Collaborating
with
the
team
to
build
a
complex
application
design
and
usability
testing
.
Designed
system
for
the
most
popular
Government
Services
Portal
with
1,6M
DAU
.
EDUCATION
Bachelor's
degree
-
IT
Management
Sep
2015
-
May
2019
Plekhanov
Russian
University
of
Economics,
Moscow
Agile
methodologies
in
IT
Management
and
Web
Technology.
SKILLS
Expert
in:
UI/UX
Design,
Interaction
Design,
Adobe
XD,
Sketch,
Web
Design,
Workflows,
InvisionApp,
Wireframes
Design,
Figma,
Visual
Design,
Zoom,
Slack,
SaaS,
Dashboards,
Product
Design,
HTML5,
CSS3
Intermediate
in:
Adobe
Photoshop,
WordPress,
JavaScript,
User
Research,
Customer
Journey
Map,
Design
Team
Management,
Prototyping
&
User
Stories,
Problem
Solving
skills,
Other
design
tools,
Laravel,
Vue.js,
Video
Editing,
Onboarding
design,
Moqups,
Zeplin,
eCommerce
Design
Basic
In:
Python,
SQL,
SEO,
Motion
Graphics,
Graphic
Design
ONLINE
PORTFOLIO
Check
out
my
portfolio
website
with
all
the
available
projects,
case
studies,
and
other
activities.
Please
note,
that
some
of
the
marked
projects
are
not
for
public
sharing.

161: Igor Rodin.pdf
Igor Rodin Email: i.rod1245@gmail.com Phone: +7 999 735 99 92 About Me A Senior Frontend Engineer with strong analytics experience. My motivation loop: learn the problem, take ownership, make things done, analyze impact. Working with a passion for details and the best user experience. Openminded, proactive and focused on delivering results.  Languages/Frameworks Expert in JavaScript, React, and Redux Confident in VueJS Proficient in Python, PHP, SQL, Django, and Laravel  Work experience HubHaus, Growth Engineer / Full Stack Engineer (10/2018 - present) VueJS universal app architecture + CI/CD configuration (VueJS, Docker, AWS ECS) Designed and created a VueJS project generator with preconfigured internal packages including authentication and a UI toolkit. Prepared npm packages for generator. Web scraping platform (Python, Scrapy, AWS FireHose) Designed and created a platform for continuous web scraping. The platform provides an infrastructure for creating scrapers, monitoring their progress and measuring data loss. AWS SageMaker model CI/CD (Docker, Python, AWS ECS) Dockerized an ML model, created an API wrapper, set up an infrastructure for deployment, and integrated a UI to interact with the model. ergeon, Senior Full Stack Engineer (05/2018 - 10/2018) Frontend projects migration (React, React SSR, Redux) ergeon bought the ezhome codebase. Cleaned up and refactored the frontend app for a new product. ezhome, Senior Frontend Engineer / Architect / Frontend Lead (09/2015 - 05/2018) A/B test platform and analytics integration for customer-facing apps (Segment, Google Analytics, Mixpanel, Google Optimize) Project lead for analytics integration. Developed naming conventions and event data structures. Guided mobile engineers with implementation and reviewed all platform integration results. Interacted with data engineers to receive requirements and feedback for analytics data. Implemented and integrated cross-project A/B testing platform. React universal app architecture (React, React SSR, Redux) Early proponent of universal (isomorphic) app architecture. Developed React-based SSR architecture, discovered and fixed many cross-platform problems. Led frontend team to develop apps based on that architecture. Kibbit, Senior Frontend Developer / Architect (01/2015 - 09/2015) AngularJS frontend architecture (AngularJS 1.x) Created an AngularJS app architecture. Led frontend development. Hotelbook service, Senior Frontend Developer / Architect (06/2014 - 01/2015) Flocktory, Senior Developer, Internal Interfaces (12/2013 - 06/2014) LinguaLeo, JavaScript Developer (08/2012 - 11/2013) Education 09/2010 – 01/2012 Cisco Networking Academy, Obninsk, Kaluga region, Russia 09/2010 – 06/2012 Master's degree specializing in Information Technology Scientific Research Nuclear University MEPhl, Faculty of Cybernetics Obninsk, Kaluga region, Russia  09/2006 – 07/2010 Bachelor’s degree specializing in Computer Systems, Networks and Technologies Scientific Research Nuclear University MEPhI, Faculty of Cybernetics Obninsk, Kaluga region, Russia  Personality Strengths ● Spatial thinking ● Ability to see from another person’s point of view and approach situations from different perspectives. Approach to work ● Be flexible, be detail-oriented, and think long term. Always find the right balance between speed and quality. ● Be passionate about what you are doing and think about the product as a whole. ● See task/decisions/roadmap from a business/product owner's perspective. Always try to understand other points of view. ● Having a well-thought-through architecture is the key to success. ● QA and delivering high-quality products is important.  Personal Interests Rock-climbing (was a coach for rock-climbing university team), downhill, cycling 

162: Iliya Stepanov.pdf
 5+ years of Software Development in JavaScript, React, GraphQL, Distributed Systems.  Iliya Stepanov  +38 093 111 11 11 email@gmail.com  Current employment | Software Engineer, Front-end | @COMP1, the UK | 03/2019 – Present Enterprise solution for Maritime industry. The platform with 80+ products. 60+ devs, in squads of 3-7 people. Front-end is built on Micro-Front-End architecture. I am a member of an Infrastructure Team.  Front-end Infrastructure - Resolved 250+ circular dependencies all over the project with webpack - Optimized SVG consumption that in result solved chain of arised bugs - Leading knowledge sharing sessions for 20+ members of Front-end team - Optimised building and check phases of Monorepo (> x2 times) Version control app(Back-office) - Developed web app from scratch (React, TypeScript, GraphQL, Apollo) Other experience Front-end Engineer @COMP2 - the USA (2018-2019) · 2019: Web app. Squad of 7 people. I built the Front-end side of the Healthcare Insurance module(web page) with JS, React, MobX, Web-sockets. · 2018: Mobile app. Squad of 8 people. I developed 80+ screens with React-native, Redux with support of iOS & Android + designed the API layer. Being part of the Focus team. Conducted 20+ interviews. As a team member won internal award “Best performance team” Front-end Developer @COMP3 - Belgium (2015-2018) · B2B data flow project with blockchain. Close work with the customer / client side. Taught myself MobX in 1 week, developed 10+ web pages, implemented i18n using React, amCharts etc. Business Analyst/Configuration Engineer @Luxoft(Citibank) - the USA (2014-2015) · Configuring Onboarding system with 1900+ questions using DSL, created/updated 20+ workflows that optimised Business processes in FinTech. Eliciting requirements, communication with stakeholders (NAM/EMEA/LATAM). Other activities · Mentor on offline intensive course React/Redux @Courses - consulting, supporting students, homework review, code review Education Kyiv, Ukraine National University of Life and Environmental Sciences of Ukraine 2008-2013 · Master in Mechanical Engineering, 2013(High Honors). · Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering, 2012(High Honors). Languages and Technologies: JavaScript(ES6+); TypeScript; ImmutableJS; HTML; CSS; React; Redux/MobX/Apollo; redux-thunk/redux-saga;REST/GraphQL/Websockets;ant-design; materialUI; webpack; React-native;  

163: Ivan CHUDINOV.pdf
Ivan CHUDINOV Moscow, Russia · imonoooo@yandex.ru · +7 925-906-00-00 ·  WORK EXPERIENCE Yandex Moscow, Russia Software Engineer, Internal analytical tools team January 2020 – Present • Maintained a virtual machine cluster with a pre-conﬁgured Jupyter environment with a one-click deployment for any analyst within the company. • Integrated Jupyter installation with internal tools, such as secret storage, task tracking, and code-review systems. Software Engineer, Ad-hoc statistics team April 2019 – December 2019 • Provided technical expertise and consultations about Map-Reduce computations to analysts on diﬀerent teams. • Re-wrote and optimized most expensive regular Map-Reduce jobs, improving their performance up to 10x, resulting in more than 10% total savings of CPU time on analytical clusters. • Developed and still maintaining a system collecting of all JavaScript front-end project dependencies in internal repositories in Yandex, used for tracking old, deprecated and vulnerable dependencies. Junior Software Engineer, Ad-hoc statistics team April 2018 – March 2019 • Implemented recurring analytical jobs on the in-house Map-Reduce clusters for consumers throughout the company.  SKILLS Languages: Russian — native, English — proﬁcient (C2) Programming languages: Python — primary, Go — secondary Tools: MapReduce, Jupyter, Linux (daily usage), Bash EDUCATION Higher School of Economics Moscow, Russia Bachelor of Science Applied Mathematics and Informatics September 2014 – June 2019 PROJECTS Investigation of Parsing Expression Grammars formal languages Bachelor thesis — theoretical work, in which I propose a new computation method and prove its equivalence to PEG. Scientiﬁc advisor — Rubtsov A.A., associate professor at MIPT. Building a Fast RegExp Engine formal languages, Rust Coursework — research and implementation of diﬀerent techniques used for optimizing regular expressions. Scientiﬁc advisor — Guilhem Gamard, PhD ENS Lyon. 

164: IVAN LOPTEV.pdf
IVAN LOPTEV +7(909)370-71-11 ⬦ selllll@gmail.com   EDUCATION Higher School of Economics Sep 2019 – Expected Jun 2023 Bachelor in Applied Mathematics and Information Science GPA: 9.18/10.0 Samara Lyceum of Information Technology Sep 2017 – Jun 2019 Received a gold medal for academic excellence. WORK EXPERIENCE Linear Algebra Teaching Assistant Sep 2020 – Jun 2021 Higher School of Economics  Moscow, Russia Software Engineering Intern Jul 2020 – Sep 2020 Huawei Moscow, Russia Ported an OS performance analysis system from Linux to Windows 10. Implemented a GUI for OS performance analysis tool using Python and Tcl/Tk. Algorithms Teaching Assistant Aug 2019 Summer Informatics School Laagna, Estonia Developed front-end for a sports website using HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript. Python Developer Jun 2018 – Aug 2018 SamExpress Samara, Russia Developed and maintained some scrapers, including one that searches applications on a website and sends information about them on e-mail using Selenium and SMTP libraries. Developed a program which makes a raw Excel document readable using xlrd, xlwt and xlutils libraries. SKILLS Programming Languages C++, Python, C, Bash Technologies Git/GitHub/GitLab, Windows, Linux Languages native Russian, advanced English, beginner German  PROJECTS Hash Map. Implemented hash map with full functionality using separate chaining with linked list in C++. External Sorting. Implemented external sorting (the algorithms splits all input into blocks, sorts them separately, and then ends up with a sorted array by recursively merging K array’s segments) using C++. ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS • All-Russian Informatics Olympiad Awardee. • Winner of ”Vyshaia Proba” Informatics Olympiad and all-Siberian Informatics Olympiad. • Master at Codeforces. HOBBIES • Teaching school students algorithms and data structures individually. • Attending healthy lifestyle. • Studying two foreign languages: English and German. 

165: Ivan Petrov.pdf
1  
 Ivan Petrov @TechLead (Ex-Google Tech Lead)  I've reviewed hundreds of engineering resumes. Here's a recap on some of my best tips below. More interview training with ex-Google and ex-Facebook engineers at http://techinterviewpro.com/  The 10-second rule Take 10 seconds to scan your resume from the beginning, reading through it quickly (as if you had a dozen other resumes to get through). This may involve reading only the first half-page, scanning the first 5 words of each sentence/bullet point.  What do you see? If it's all over the place with fluff words, weak verbs, and shows weakness, chances are your resume will get thrown out because 10 seconds is probably about as much time as a recruiter/hiring manager is going to give you.  Here's what you need to ensure: ● The first words at the top of your resume should be very software-developer oriented, around developing, implementing, creating, and building: ○ "Developed a REST API in X using Python and Java..." ○ "Built a full-stack web app and launched to 1000 users..." ○ "Taught myself GoLang and implemented a framework for a webserver..." That's starting to sound like a candidate we might be interested in.  ● The resume should flow in sentence structure, explaining one after another in active verbs what you have personally done. There's a rhythm here: "Built X, Created Y, Developed Z, Implemented A, Built ..." If you are breaking up the resume with statements rather than actions like "GeoPickV3: A project to terraform the geoclusters," that halts the readability of the resume with fluff words that explain absolutely nothing, and switching the subject between you, your project, your team, and your company causes mental breaks. The subject should be you. ● It should be clear that you are a strong developer for the targeted role within the first few moments of reading your resume. If it is not strong, you need to rephrase your resume. Pitfalls: ● Don't use non-engineering words like "Documented," "Supported," "Troubleshooted, "Automated unit-testing," etc., You are not applying to be tech-support here or a documentation writer, so there's no need to highlight those points. Just like how you wouldn't highlight that you can cook, even though the company may need a few good cooks -- that's not what you're expecting to do here. 
2  
 ● At the top, don't list low-priority information like hobbies, extracurriculars, or irrelevant skills like Photoshop, Premiere, Excel. Move these towards the bottom of the resume, or just leave out skills that may dilute your resume. ● Don't spend too much time explaining what the company does or what the team does. Explain what you personally did.  Tell a Story Descriptions should tell a story.  It is absolutely useless to list a bunch of technical jargon that no one knows. Imagine reading a laundry list of: ● Implemented X (version 238200) ● Implemented Y in SprintSpark 3 ● Implemented Z using GeoLoaderXX1 It just doesn't matter what someone implemented if there is no story behind it.  Even worse, many people don't explain the languages used, and these technologies are often all proprietary so there is no way to reuse the skillset.  Saying that you "Implemented Carraform v2.0 and launched to Prexo SpringSuite" is like saying nothing, and yet most resumes are absolutely littered with phrases like this.  I would recommend you explain your descriptions in a format of [ACCOMPLISHMENT, IMPACT, CHALLENGE]  This 3 components tell a complete story. For instance, you might say "Developed a server-side layout engine in iOS by teaching myself GoLang to automate 1000+ antiquated manual layouts. Working with a coworker, this began as an ambiguous project that I drove to completion and launched company-wide." This is far more impactful and relatable, since it explains what you did, why it was hard, and what the validation of that work was.  Less is more.  Focus on a few very strong points and develop those, instead of a long list of bullet point features, none of which seem very interesting for anyone to care about. If you have a big accomplishment, spend more time on your resume to talk about that. The fact is that any bullet point could have an amazing story behind it, but you need to reveal that story.  I once saw a resume with a "Co-founder" role and yet there was a single 5-word bullet point. "Co-founded a company and launched X." That looks... disgenuine. Was this real? What were 3  
 the challenges and impact? Is this worth talking about? Obviously not if the candidate didn't have much to say about it.  It's about you. Not about your accomplishment What many candidates fail to realize is that I want to know what you, as an individual, did. Not what your company did. Not what your team did. Not what your project did. What you did.  Because the fact is, the only thing you're able to bring to my team is you.  So I want to know about your personal contributions to a project. That's it -- what type of character are you, what skills do you have, how did you apply those skills, what motivates you. It doesn't matter if your company is "the worldclass leader in B2B enterprise solutions with 50,000 clients," if the only task you did was write tooling documentation.  So, don't worry so much about listing every little accomplishment like how you "Implemented Terraform in CarbOS using Carabide." Nothing in that sentence is usable or translatable. But if you were to say "Taught myself Carabide in 2 months and collaborated with 3 teams to lead development of Terraform, launching with CarbOS..." That tells me a lot more about your ability to learn, your collaboration skills, and your passion for creating.  Show. Don't tell. Every bad resume seems to have a portion where the candidate will say:  "I am hardworking, enthusiastic, and passionate. I am a great communicator, have excellent teamwork skills, and am perfect!" You're telling me, but you're not showing me. What reason do I have to believe you?  If you're such a great communicator, you should have the stories to back that up -- instead of telling me that you can communicate, show me that through a story about how you "Mentored your team through weekly presentations, leading to the adoption of the ViewModel pattern in the codebase." If you're passionate, tell me about a pet project you started.  If you're hardworking, tell me about how you taught yourself a new language and shipped it under a tight deadline. 4  
  The resume is where these stories paint a picture of you. It is your personal marketing brochure, not a fact-sheet. What in here isn't BS? A trained resume reviewer will be scanning for fake, BS stories. For a resume to standout, it needs to contain validation. You validate your skills by explaining the results -- the impacts of your work. Some tips here: ● For each story, list the impact. Instead of saying "Implemented X," say "Implemented X, and was featured in the TechCrunch." Or "... this work was adopted to the wider team." Or "... saving $XX thousands of dollars," or "... and sped up developer velocity." ● I've seen resumes with 10 pet projects, and yet not a single link to the project website or github or anything. Where's the evidence of any of this? Were these worthless projects that were trashed? ● Put in concrete technical details where they count to substantiate your claims. If you have a one-liner "Developed the iPhone," that's just not believable. But if you can expand on that with all the relevant technologies & challenges, that makes your claim believable. Grounding the claim in reality makes it impressive.  People won't click on your links. A lot of candidates put links in their resume, which is great. But just know that 90% of people will not be going through the hassle of opening each and every link. I've seen a number of resumes where people say "Built Project Maven (github.com/myproject)." The description here isn't sufficient and it needs to stand on its own - you can't assume anyone will go to these links. ● If you have links, it may help to have a single personal page (yourname.com), rather than a dozen links to your github, linkedin, facebook, twitter, personal page, project page1, project page2, etc., Who's going to open all of that? ● Make the links easy to type, using a shortener or custom domain. ● If someone takes the time to open any of these, make sure the projects look good. If I waste 5 minutes of my time to check out your personal GitHub, and it's just scrap waste projects... guess where your resume's going too? 5  
   Target your resume to the role. A lot of candidates get confused about "facts" vs "story". Your resume is not a fact sheet. It is a targeted story, subjectively told in an effort to persuade a biased decision. If you worked in a "Hardware Engineer" role and now you want to do Software Engineering... do you talk about your hardware work? If you can cook, do you talk about that? If you worked as an Uber driver, do you list that? The answer to all of these is "no." Depending on the role at hand, you want to highlight just the relevant skills. Even if at your last job 10% of the work was Python, if you're applying for a Python role you want to be gushing about all the Python development that you did. "Implemented X in Python. Used Python to do Y. Taught myself Python frameworks Django and Flask to do Z." If the role is for Machine Learning, focus in on those keywords. If it's for a web frontend engineer, focus in on your web javascript skills. If you aim for everything, you'll hit nothing. You must code. The hilarious thing is sometimes people apply for SWE roles and yet they don't seem to want to actually code. They'll go into the interviews and say: ● I don't code anymore. I'm more into strategy. ● I lead projects. ● I managed my team and coordinated them. ● I'm a co-founder and CEO. ● I'm an entrepreneur. ● I have leadership skills. ● I'm a great communicator and team player.  I once saw a resume where the top 3 experiences were "Co-Founder", "Co-Founder, "CTO." OK, maybe you should go apply to be a cofounder then? Because this role is for coder. Too many people don't want to code, or think they're "above the code." Many resumes I've read seem reluctant to mention code or languages. People might say "Created X, Y, and Z and shipped this project, leading and coordinating development on X." Well, where in this sentence did you actually do coding? 6  
  Let's put it this way: If you've applied for a SWE role, you're expected to code. Not to waltz around the office in a suit going to meetings with the VP of Sales. So show the languages, frameworks, and technologies that you're using.  A lot of people will bucket all of that into the bottom of their resume under "Skills: C, Python, Javascript" and never mention any of these again in the rest of their resume. That is simply not very convincing evidence that you can actually code. It doesn't explain how well you can code.  Formatting Let's talk about formatting. It matters. ● Single page. If you are using more than a single page, you are rambling. Trim it down because no one has time to read all of this stuff. Highlight just your best, most recent work like a brochure. ● Single Column. Double-column layouts and fancy fonts/graphics generally just distract and people can accidentally skip portions of your resume. It doesn't flow. ● Fully spell the names of companies. Which looks better? "VMWare" or "VMWare, Inc."? The mental weight of the fully-spelled name makes it look more official and professional. ● Fully spell the names of your degree & education. Similarly, don't short-change your 4-year degree (if you have one) by saying "Majored in cs at Ohio state." Make it look good. "Bachelor's of Science in Computer Science. Ohio State, 2004. 3.80 GPA." That's better. It may even be appropriate here to list additonal activities, honor societies, relevant coursework & projects to bulk up the education a little more so that it's not just a one-liner. ● Grammar check. ● Spelling check. ● Capitalization check. ● No photos. In the US, it is illegal to discriminate based on age, gender, race, or appearance. Don't put photos on your resume for that purpose. ● Your name. I've been toying with this idea recently, but it's something to think about. Let's pretend you have a name like "Xheycho Yining Sundarabai Xylophone." I'm sure it's a beautiful name in your language, but it doesn't look familiar for many people. I've seen some colleagues with unpronounceable names and they say "Just call me Bobby," or "Just call me Shay" and that instantly seems to make them more relatable. Think about it -- your name is your personal brand and is to be memorable. It paints a picture about the person behind the resume. It may help to put something like: "Shay" (Xheycho Yining Sundarabai Xylophone). (Up to you though, this is just a theory). ● Age. Age discrimination is absolutely illegal. If age is a concern for you, consider removing your graduation dates. No one will ask you to list those, because it is illegal. 7  
  The objective. Not everyone needs an objective.  But, if you have a broad background, an objective may help focus your resume and clarify your intentions -- especially if you're switching fields, people may get thrown off. An objective is a quick way to briefly explain what's going on here, instead of allowing a person to read the resume once, become confused at your history, then read it again, then think about the open roles, then try to figure out if there's any mistake here, etc., Oftentimes, I'll see a candidate's resume and it's all over the place. There's a little of everything. So I ask myself, "First of all, what type of role is this person going for? iOS? Android? Backend? Frontend? Machine Learning? Graphics? Are they even interested in graphics?"  This is one reason you need to focus your resume, as mentioned above. An objective is a tool for helping you do that if you feel your background is wandering all over the place.  Last Impressions count. Every resume has a first impression. And every resume leaves a last impression. This is the last thing on there. Make it look good and make it count.  I've seen some resumes that just end with something forgettable like:  Education bs in biology at Canvers Institute, 2008  Does that look good to you? bleh. I think even if you were to list a few fun facts about you as a person like a cool hobby, a cool project, or next to your education list some neat clubs/activities/coursework you did that can make your resume more memorable.  Make yourself seem like someone people want to bring in to personally meet.   

166: Ivan Ulyanov.pdf
IvanUlyanov
(+1)403-000-6344
|aaaan.ulianov@gmail.com
|linkedin.com/in/aaaabur/
|Canada,AB
SUMMARY
Withoveradecadeinthetechindustry,I’vetransitionedfromfoundationalcodingoflow-latencyplatformstosteeringtransformativeprojectsacrossdiversedomains.SpecializinginTypeScript,React.js,Node.js,andGraphQL,Iutilizecloudtechnologiestocraftrobustandscalablesolutions.Myagilityinprojectdevelopmentandpassionforcontinuousimprovementhaveledtorecognizedcontributionsandleadershiproles.Beyondmerecoding,I’vepioneeredcustomframeworks,emphasizedcleancodingpractices,andchampionedcollaborativeteamdynamics.Withanentrepreneurialspirit,Iensureseamlessandrapidproductevolution,alwaysstrivingforexcellence.
EXPERIENCEFullStackSoftwareEngineerOct2021–PresentT i l l a
•IdentifiedtheneedforandledthetransitionfromanExpress-basedprototypetoarobust,production-readyNestJSapplication,takingfullownershipoftheproject’ssuccess.
•SeamlesslymigratedthesystemfromRESTAPItoGraphQL,ensuringtheintegrationofindustrybestpracticesandprovidinghands-oncoachingtotheteamforeasieradaptationtothenewtechstack.
•Pioneeredtheintroductionofperformancemonitoring;uponpinpointingcriticalinefficiencies,Itookresponsibilityforredesigningthearchitectureandlogic,achievingaremarkablereductioninrequestdelaysfrom1minutetoalmostinstantaneousresponses.SoftwareEngineerMar2021–Oct2021D e e l
•Assumedownershipofavitallegacyadminapplication,collaborativelydevisingastrategywithteammemberstooverhaulitsarchitecturaldesign.
•Introducedpivotaltoolbeltenhancements,takingchargeofresolvinglong-standingchallengestiedtohotreloading,sourcemapping,anddebugging.
•RecognizingthepotentialofTypeScriptandmodernarchitecturalmethodologies,Iactivelyadvocatedforcompany-wideadoption.Takingpersonalresponsibility,Isteeredthetransformationoftheadminapplication,culminatinginasignificantlyenhanced,clean,andmaintainablecodebase.Co-Founder,CTOMar2018–Jun2021R e d F e n i x
•Architectedanddevelopedacomprehensive,multifacetedplatformwhichincludedavarietyofwebandmobileapplications,specializedWiFicaptiveportals,andasolidNodeJSbackend.-Adaptingtoemergingtechneeds,Iself-taughtandintegratednewtechnologiesrelatedtoWiFinetworksandfirmwaredevelopment
•Managedandtechnicallymentoredadeveloperteam,ensuringconsistentadherencetocodingbestpractices,effectiveproductdevelopment,andefficientdeployments.
•OversawtheseamlessdeploymentofallplatformcomponentsontheGoogleCloudPlatform,emphasizingscalabilityandreliability.
•OurtechnicaleffortsandinnovationsledustobepartoftheChileSUPprogram,andIwasproudtoseeourproductsucceedinapilotwithamajorISPinEcuador.SeniorSoftwareEngineer,ArchitectJan2018–Mar2021O r t h o d o xU n i o n
•Playedaleadroleinredevelopingthecompany’sinternalCRMbackend,transitioningtotheinnovativeEventSourcingapproach.
•ImmersedmyselfinadvancedconceptssuchasEventSourcing,CQRS,andDomain-DrivenDevelopment.Thisempoweredmetoarchitectanovelandefficientsystemandenrichedtheteam’sexpertiseasIsharedmyinsightsandlearnings.
•Successfulmigrationfromanoldersystemtoamodern,moreefficientoneearnedcommendationsfromboththebusinessdepartmentandseniorleadership
•Originallyonboardedforaspecifictask,mycontributionsandthetangibleimpacttheydeliveredledtoextendedlong-termcontract,entrustingmewithevenmoreresponsibilities.SeniorSoftwareDeveloper,ArchitectFeb2016–Jan2018R e v J e t R e v J e t
•Actedasakeytroubleshooterforurgentteamprojects,ensuringtimelydeliveryacrossmultiplecompanyproducts,bolsteringoperationalefficiency.
•Distinguishedasatop-tierengineer,Icreatedasocialnetworkadvertisingapplicationfromthegroundup,whichsubsequentlyanchoredthecompany’sgo-to-marketstrategy.SoftwareEngineerJan2015–Feb2016T r u e D a s h
•PioneeredtheadoptionofFullStackdevelopment,enablingtheteamtoexpeditefeaturerolloutsandefficientlymeetbusinessobjectives.
•ChampionedOOPbestpractices,drivingtheshifttoES6andaclass-centricarchitecture;mentoredtheteamoncodeenhancementtechniques.
•CollaboratedwiththeBackendteamtooptimizesystemAPI,achievingsignificantreductionsinnetworkloadandminimizingAPIcalls.SeniorSoftwareEngineerApr2014–Dec2014N P T V
•Togetherwithmyteam,Idevelopedacutting-edgereactiveframeworkatopabrowser-lessengine,incorporatingelementslikevirtualDOMlogic,renderingpathways,andlayoutalgorithms.
•Showcasedthecapabilitiesofthisnewtechnologybycraftingapplicationsrootedintheframework.
•RevitalizedmyfoundationalC++skills,facilitatingthecreationofanenvironmentanchoredintheV8JavaScriptengine.Furthermore,Iintroducedaremotedebuggingagenttoamplifydebuggingfunctionalitiesforfellowdevelopers.Front-EndSoftwareEngineerSep2011-Mar2014S p o t w a r eS y s t e m s( c T r a d e r )
•Asanearlydeveloperontheteam,IestablishedfoundationalelementsforaSaaSlow-latencytradingplatformtailoredforForexexchange.Thisfoundationhassustainedandfacilitatedgrowthforoveradecade.
•PioneeredacustomJavaScriptframeworkandtoolset,emphasizingswiftdevelopmentcycles.
•Achievedexceptionaloptimization,enablingreal-timecharting,network,anddataprocessing.Impressively,thebrowser-basedperformancesurpassedthatofitsCnativecounterpart.
•Steppedupinaleadershipcapacitytostreamlineinter-teamcommunication,catalyzingacceleratedproductevolution.
TECHNICALSKILLS
Languages:TypeScript,GraphQL,JavaScript,SQL(Postgres),MongoDB,HTML/CSSFrameworks:React,Node.js,NestJS,Prisma,Express,Vue,ReactNativeTools:Git,Docker,GoogleCloudPlatform(GCP),AmazonWebServices(AWS)Other:SoftwareArchitecture,TeamCoaching,ProductManagement,TeamLeadership,IndividualContributor
EDUCATIONAltaiStateTechnicalUniversityM a s t e ri nC o m p u t e rS c i e n c e


167: JOHN SMITH.pdf
JOHN SMITH +99999999 · johnsmith@gmail.com linkedin.com/in/johnsmith/ · github.com/john_smith  EDUCATION Some University · Astana, Kazakhstan B.S. in Computer Science • Selected coursework: Computer Systems and Organization · Programming Languages · Performance and Data Structures · Formal Languages ·Algorithms • Activity: Some club  EXPERIENCE Company · Software Developer Intern · Astana, Kazakhstan Jun 2023-Aug 2023 • Implemented a synchronous API polling feature in an iOS app, reducing picture loading latency by 67%. • Developed login and registration functionality, enhancing user security with IOS Keychain and streamlining the onboarding process for about 500 registered users. • Refactored the existing Python API codebase on FastAPI to support new database architecture.  PROJECTS Grocery Store • Developed an MVC-based application for a grocery store, utilizing REST API for data retrieval. • Employed UICollectionView to populate the screen with a wide range of grocery products. • Implemented validation for the UITextField, ensuring data integrity before allowing users to proceed with the checkout process. Messenger • Integrated Firebase as the backend service for storing and managing users' messages, ensuring real-time synchronization and data persistence. • Effectively managed dependencies using CocoaPods, specifically to incorporate animations for the launch screen, enhancing the overall user experience. Clima • Designed and developed a weather application for iOS devices. • Implemented geolocation functionality to determine the user's current location and display the weather temperature based on their geolocation using Core Location. • Integrated the OpenWeather API to fetch weather data for a specified city, providing accurate weather information. News • News app written on the MVC architecture. [infinite scroll, divided into 6 categories, polling api]  SKILLS • Programming Languages: Swift, C++, C, Python, Java. • Technologies and Frameworks: OOP, UIKit, SwiftUI, Firebase Cloud Firestore, Cocoapods, Git, AutoLayout, RestAPI, UsersDefaults, Core Data, JSON Decoding, MVC/MVP 

168: Kairat KHISAMIEV.pdf
Kairat
K
HISAMIEV
Senior
JavaScript
Developer
with
6
YoE
aiaa3t@gmail.com
•
Belgrade,
Serbia
Languages
:
JavaScript/TypeScript;
Technologies
:
React,
React
Native,
Next.js,
Nest,
CSS,
CSS
in
JS,
Playwright;
Databases
:
PostgreSQL,
Mongo, 
Elastic,
Redis;
Other
:
Docker;
Familiar
with
:
Nuxt,
Vue,
C++,
Go,
Kubernetes
PROFESSIONAL
EXPERIENCE 
Archetype
AI
August
2023
–
October
2023
Full
stack
Nest,
React
developer.
Archetype
AI
-
multimodal
AI
foundation
model
that
fuses
real-time
sensor
data
with
natural
language.
●
Prototyped
and
implemented
a
scalable
real-time
low-latency
(under
1
second)
camera
streaming
service
for
following
image
processing
with
AI
tools;
●
Prototyped
an
internal
streamer’s
visualizer
for
real-time
stream
playing;
●
On
a
very
tight
schedule
unblocked
a
release
of
a
major
product
by
implementing
a
scalable
real-time
low-latency
(under
1
second)
camera
streaming
service
providing
video
feed
to
AI
tools
for
processing
at
Archetype
AI.
Technologies
:
TypeScript,
React,
Nest,
Socket.io,
shadcn/ui,
jest,
vitest,
npm.
Spotnana
(Vendor
at
Akvelon
Inc)
February
2022
–
August
2023
Frontend
React/React
Native
developer
.
Spotnana
-
Travel-as-a-Service;
powers
unparalleled
global
travel
experiences.
●
Reduced
app
loading
time
from
400
to
200
milliseconds,
improved
design
consistency
and
user
experience
and
accessibility
by
transitioning 
an
old
frontend
UI
design
system
to
a
new
MUI
5-based
one
with
lazy
components; 
●
Implemented
features
that
gained
Spotnana
partnerships
with
Amazon,
Walmart,
and
Meta;
●
Added
extensive
telemetry
that
significantly
improved
team's
effectiveness
by
providing
insights
into
user
experience.
●
Reduced
CI/CD
running
time
from
50
minutes
to
30
by
optimizing
unit
tests
and
sharing
best
practices
with
the
team;
●
Increased
code
test
coverage
from
80%
to
85%;
●
Improved
developer
experience
and
code
quality
by
configuring
eslint
rules;
●
Reduced
total
bundle
size
for
100kb
by
removing
redux
state
manager,
switching
moment
to
days;
●
Tightly
interacted
with
a
product
manager
and
designer
resulting
in
the
implementation
of
consistent
user-friendly
UI;
●
Led
a
team
of
3
developers.
Technologies
:
TypeScript,
React,
React-Native,
i18n,
react-query,
design
system,
Material
UI,
lerna,
turborepo,
jest,
react
testing
library,
playwright.
Rentals-Platform
(Vendor
at
Akvelon
Inc)
March
2020
–
November
2021
Full
stack
Node,
React,
Vue
developer.
Rentals-Platform
-
is
the
premier
online
classifieds
site
for
renting
recreational
vehicles.
●
Architected,
built
and
supported
Dealer
and
Shopping
frontends
and
backends
throughout
the
app's
lifecycle;
●
Automated
the
tax
rates
calculation
by
integration
with
Avalara
tax
calculation
service;
●
Automated
the
customer
support
service
actions
by
implementing
admin
tools
for
complex
booking
refund
and
update
scenarios;
●
Assisted
in
the
migration
of
100
new
customers
to
the
rentals
platform
by
migrating
databases
and
continuously
syncing
databases
from
third-
party
services; 
●
Led
a
team
of
3
developers.
Technologies
:
JavaScript/TypeScript,
Next.js,
Nest,
Nuxt,
AWS
Functions,
S3,
Mongo,
PostgreSQL,
Hasura,
Elastic
Search,
Kibana,
Bootstrap,
Material
UI
Core,
MobX,
Vuex.
Maana
(Vendor
at
Akvelon
Inc)
May
2019
–
March
2020
Frontend
React
developer
.
Maana
-
solution
for
Oil
and
Gas
companies
to
optimize
their
data
with
intelligent
systems
●
Implemented
a
real-time
data
analyzing
tool
and
notification
system
using
Material-UI;
●
Helped
gain
a
new
partnership
by
implementing
MS
Azure
SSO
which
was
a
keystone
requirement
of
the
new
client.
Technologies
:
JavaScript/TypeScript,
React,
React-Apollo,
Material
UI.
National
energy
company
(Vendor
at
Optisoft)
January
2018
–
May
2019
Full-stack
NET
Developer/React
developer
.
Project
for
real-time
fleet
management
of
over
1000
cars.
●
Architected
and
built
REST
API
and
database
structure;
●
Automated
entire
business
operational
workflow:
booking
vehicles,
maintaining
vehicles,
and
budget
calculation.
Technologies
:
JavaScript,
C#,
React,
Redux,
Asp
net
core,
EF
core,
Postgresql.
CERTIFICATION
AWS
Certified
Cloud
Practioner,
Amazon
Web
Services,
Dec
2021,
Certification
ID:
GJRNHZDDFJEEQ69S
EDUCATION
Bachelor's
Degree
in
Applied
Computer
Science
Kazan
National
Research
Technical
University
named
after
A.
N.
Tupolev.

169: Karen Kekov.pdf
Karen Kekov SoFTWARE ENGiNEER Ponyville, Equestria   Summary    Software Engineer with 4+ years of experience in building distributed back‑end systems and infrastructure automation. Mainly focusing on the design and development side of things, but also dabbling in SRE/DevOps practices. I enjoy solving challenging problems (be they of a technical nature or otherwise) and learning new tools and technologies.  Work Experience    Super Expert IT Solutions GmbH. City, Country SoFTWARE ENGiNEER Mar. 2019 ‑ Present • Designed a service‑oriented (a.k.a. microservice) architecture for the company’s flagship Customer Loyalty SaaS product, allowing for horizontal scalability, increasing development velocity and drastically reducing the operational complexity (as compared to a similar legacy application). • Implemented several core API microservices in a cloud‑native fashion (leveraging Kubernetes abstractions) in Kotlin, Java and Python. • Provisioned an easily manageable cloud infrastructure, utilizing Kubernetes on AWS. • Built fully automated CI/CD pipelines on Bitbucket Pipelines, allowing to quickly build and containerize applications (images being stored in ECR) and deploy changes to a Kubernetes cluster in AWS. • Deployed a centralized monitoring and logging environment (Prometheus, Victoria Metrics, Grafana, Linkerd, CloudWatch, Coralogix), allowing to easily monitor the system and locate problematic areas in case an incident occurs. • Facilitated continuous learning in the team, introducing Kotlin (for writing small and clean server apps), Python (for writing automation scripts and performing load tests) and Kubernetes (for building flexible cloud‑native distributed systems). • Facilitated cooperation in the team, making sure everyone sees the end‑goal of the system and not just the piece they are working on, and resolving conflicts between team members. Depressing Bank Ltd. City, Country SoFTWARE ENGiNEER • Implemented a server application for off‑line processing of financial data. Oct. 2017 ‑ Feb. 2019 • Implemented CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins, and helped the operations team to automate their side (development and production environment were completely separate, so the ops team had their own automation). • Performed a major refactoring of a legacy Java application, rewriting most of it into Kotlin. Cool Startup Ltd. City, Country JAVA DEVELOPER Feb. 2017 ‑ Oct. 2017 • Implemented several microservices in Java for storing and retrieving image data and routing it to processing (text recognition) services, using MongoDB, RabbitMQ, S3 and ElasticSearch. • Implemented integration and unit tests, performed load testing using JMeter.  Skills    • Programming Languages: Java, Kotlin, Python, basic knowledge of Rust • Databases/Message queues/etc.: SQL, NoSQL, RabbitMQ, Redis • Infrastructure‑related: AWS cloud services, Kubernetes • Other: Algorithms/Data structures, Linux, Docker, Git Certifications    AWS Certified Developer Associate CLOUD PLATFORM CERTiFICATiON • Learned to leverage the cloud services provided by AWS. Jan. 2019  Education    Some University City, Country B.S. iN COMPUTER SCiENCE Sep. 2017 ‑ (expected) Jul. 2021  Another University City, Country B.A. iN JAPANESE LANGUAGE Sep. 2011 ‑ Jul. 2015    OCTOBER 29, 2020 LOL KEKOV · RÉSUMÉ 1 

170: KHALIMBETOV ASLAN.pdf
KHALIMBETOV ASLAN ⋄ Seoul, South Korea khalimbetovvvvvvvv@gmail.com    OBJECTIVE Dedicated 3rd-year computer science student with strong skills in Python, C, SQL, and Java. Experienced in teaching ”Advanced C” and well-versed in algorithms and data structures. Looking for software development roles to apply my knowledge and grow professionally.  EDUCATION Bachelor of Computer Science, Sejong University (Seoul/South Korea) 2020 - 2024 SKILLS Technical Languages: Python, C, Java, SQL Frameworks: Django Data  Analysis  Libraries: Matplotlib, Pandas Soft Skills: Problem-solving, Critical Thinking, Communication, Teamwork  EXPERIENCE Video  Codec  Engineer August 2023 - Current Sejong University Seoul, South Korea • Collaborated with a multidisciplinary team to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve codec-related issues • Documented standardization processes and findings, contributing to the lab’s knowledge base and best practices. Teacher  Assistant  Advanced  C Programming March 2022 - July 2022 Sejong University  Seoul, South Korea • Boosted students’ understanding of Advanced C by 40% through tailored assignment assistance,  leveraging expertise in C language and debugging. • Pioneered a teaching approach that elevated code efficiency by 50%, combining technical prowess with innovative curriculum strategies.  PROJECTS Korea Income and Welfare Gender Predictor. • Utilized Python, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, and Scikit-learn. • Built a logistic regression model from scratch to predict gender based on income, region, and education. • Achieved high accuracy, showcasing the model’s predictive capabilities. Django E-Commerce Clothing Platform. • Developed using Django, focusing on clothing retail. • Features include user-friendly navigation, secure authentication, advanced search, and efficient transaction sys- tems. • Set a benchmark for online clothing platforms with its blend of design and functionality. EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES • Core member of the university’s Computer Security Club, actively participating in discussions, workshops, and events focused on the latest cybersecurity trends and threats. 

171: Kirill Piaternev.pdf
Kirill
Piaterne v
D
A
T
A
SCiENTiST
·
M
A
CHiNE
LE
AR
NiNG
ENGiNEE
R
+ 7
9 1 5 - 0 0 0 - 2 0 0 3
|
a a a t e r n e v @ g m a i l . c o m
|
p y a t a a a e v
Education
Higher
School
of
Economics
Moscow,
Russia
B
A
CHELO
R
O
F
M
A
THEM
A
TiCS
September
2015
‑
June
2020
•
studied
deep
learning
and
reinforcement
learning
courses
from
Computer
Science
department
Skills
Programming
Python,
SQL,
C++
ML/DL
frameworks
sklearn,
nltk,
pytorch
Databases
PostgreSQL,
Spark,
Greenplum,
Teradata,
MongoDB ,
MySQL
DevOps
Docker,
Kubernetes,
Jenkins,
GitlabCI
Back
‑
end
Flask,
fastapi
Languages
English,
Russian
Experience
Sberbank
Moscow,
Russia
D
A
T
A
SCiENTiST
May
2020
‑
present
•
improved
the
quality
of
promotions,
conversion
was
increased
from
from
3%
to
9%
via
recommendation
model 
based
on
17
prediction
models
for
9
bank
partners 
•
reduced
time
of
creation
prototype
of
binary
classification
model
from
8
to
4
hours
via
adding
dask
support
in 
model
creation
pipeline
CROC
Moscow,
Russia
D
A
T
A
SCiENTiST
June
2018
‑
April
2020
•
created
prototype
of
recommendation
model
that
can
reduce
the
percentage
of
rejects
from
1%
to
0.2%
via 
cascade
of
models
based
on
time
series
factory
data 
•
created
an
MVP
to
automate
a
verification
of
documents
in
insurance
claim
process
that
can
shorten
it
to
a
few 
minutes
with
using
computer
vision
recognition
and
named
entity
recognition
models 
•
designed
ML
management
system
that
can
operate
dozens
of
models
in
production
based
on
Kubeflow 
•
automation
process
of
making
optimal
daily
routes
for
more
than
100
train
conductors
with
graph
‑
based
model 
•
developed
tool
for
managing
resources
for
rzd
cargo
train
stations
with
prediction
models
and
special
UI
Tracktrack
Moscow,
Russia
M
A
CHiNE
LE
AR
NiNG
ENGiNEE
R
March
2018
‑
June
2018
•
upgrade
postitive
feedback
on
MVP
of
interactive
digest
for
Russian
Railway
managers
to
85%
with
creation
and 
embedding
text
classification
models
Asteros
Moscow,
Russia
JUNiO
R
D
A
T
A
SCiENTiST
October
2017
‑
March
2018 
•
reduced
year
integral
downtime
time
of
isobutane
reactor
from
weeks
to
days
with
predictive
model 
•
shorten
call
‑
center
client
waiting
time
to
seconds
with
MVP
of
QA
recommendation
model
Research
Higher
School
of
Economics
Moscow,
Russia
RESE
AR
CH
ENGiNEE
R
September
2020
‑
present 
•
speed
up
the
process
of
data
markup
by
10
times
with
implemented
a
special
web
app
written
with
Flask 
•
created
a
baseline
for
code
classification
task
(43
classes)
with
mean
accuracy
0.45
with
regex
‑
based
models
1

172: Leonid Kolesnikov.pdf
LeonidKolesnikov
+7(981)000-58-13
|aaahka0264@gmail.com
|linkedin.com/in/saaaka0264
|github.com/saaaka0264
SKILLS
Technologies:JavaScript,TypeScript,React,Inferno,HTML5,CSS3,SASS/SCSS,CSS-modules,styled-components,PostCSS,Redux,ReduxToolkit,Redux-thunk,Redux-saga,Jest,Mocha,Chai,Enzyme,ReactTestingLibrary,axios,MUI,Bootstrap,lodash,Gulp.js,Webpack,Git,Jenkins,Sonar,JSON,AJAX,REST,GraphQL,Node.js,Express,Mongoose,Webstorm,MacOSKeyCompetencies:AlgorithmsandDataStructure,ComputerNetworks,RESTAPIKeySocialSkills:Effectivecommunication,Conflictresolution,Activelistening,Empathy,PartnershipsandRiskManagment,RespectLanguages:English-B1,Deutsch-A1,Russian-Native
EXPERIENCE
SberbankofRussiaSaintPetersburg,RussiaS o f t w a r eE n g i n e e rD e c e m b e r2 0 2 0–u n t i ln o w
•Implemented1userinterfaceforeditingdataonbankingproductsfromscratch
•Improvedapplicationforpreciousmetalswithlegacycodeinrecordtime(receivedacertificateofmerit)
•Built1largeuserinterfacewithcoinsformillionsofusers
AndersenLabSaintPetersburg,RussiaS o f t w a r eE n g i n e e rM a r c h2 0 1 7–D e c e m b e r2 0 2 0
•Createdseverallandingpages,2loancalculatorsforrealestateexchange
•ConstructedacreditbrokerUIforlargestRussianonlinebank.Mainplatformsupport
•Constructedacomponentwithregistrationandformbuilderfordesigningpolls
•Madeasimplemanagementplatformhosting
PROJECTS
Internalbusinessplatform
|J a v a S c r i p t ,R e a c t ,R e d u x ,J e s t ,C S SM o d u l e sNovember2022–untilnow
•Initiatedproject,describeddocumentationandbasisofapplication,playedakeyroleinitsformationandlaidfoundationforitssuccess
•Reviewedcode
•Cooperatedwithteam,participatinginagilescrumevents
•TaskstatusesinJira
•Designedarchitecture
•Createdandsupport1userinterfaceforeditingdataonbankingproducts
•Achievedsuccessinenhancingperformance(JSDoc,unittests)
Barscatalog
|J a v a S c r i p t ,T y p e S c r i p t ,R e a c t ,R e d u x ,J e s t ,C S SM o d u l e sDecember2020–untilnow
•Deliveredcodereview
•ParticipatedinScrumevents(sprints,daily,sprintplanning,estimation)
•Navigatedthroughtighttimelineswhiletacklingextensivelayoutmodificationstomeetprojectrequirements
•Assumedcoreresponsibilityforplanningendestimationofprojecttasksandtimelinesensuringefficientprojectmanagement
•TaskstatusesinJira
•Improvedapplicationforpreciousmetalswithlegacycodeinrecordtime(receivedacertificateofmerit)
•Fixedmorebugs
•Honedcode(unittests,typescript)
Coincatalog(Sberbank)
|J a v a S c r i p t ,T y p e S c r i p t ,R e a c t ,R e d u x ,J e s t ,C S SM o d u l e sDecember2020–untilnow
•Providedcodereview
•FacilitatedinScrumevents(sprints,daily,sprintplanning,estimation)
•Tookanactiveroleinbusinesssidedevelopment,involvinginitiationandtroubleshootingofbusinessanddevelopmentprocess
•TaskstatusesinJira
•Communicatedwithotherteams(aboutdesign,etc.)
•Fixedbugsandsupportmainpages
•Introducedavarietyofnewfeaturestoelevateuserexperience
•Built1largeuserinterfacewithcoinsformillionsofusers
•Implementingnewfeatures
•Maintainedvarioussmallerprojectsonrequest
•Enhancedcode(unittests,typescript)
PropertyGuruGroup
|T y p e S c r i p t ,R e a c t ,R e d u x ,R e d u x - T h u n k ,M o c h a ,C h a iAugust2019–December2020
•Initializinganewproject
•Wroteseverallandingpagesand2loancalculators
•Cooperatedwithteam,participatinginagilescrumevents
Internetbanking
|J a v a S c r i p t ,R e a c t( I n f e r n o ) ,R e d u x ,W e b p a c k ,C S SM o d u l e s ,P o s t C S SJune2018–August2019
•Devised1creditbrokerinterface
•Mainbrokerplatformsupport
•Communicatedwithotherteams
•Managedwithoutsprintsfromreleasetorelease(onaverage2weeks)
Choicely
|J a v a S c r i p t ,R e a c t( I n f e r n o ) ,R e d u x ,W e b p a c k ,C S SM o d u l e ,P o s t C S SOctober2017–June2018
•Made1componentwithregistrationand1formbuilder
•Honedcode
•RewroteprojecttoReactfromInferno
•Analyzedcode
•ParticipatedinScrumevents(sprints,daily,retrospective)
Majordomo(AndersenLab)
|J a v a S c r i p t ,R e a c t ,B o o t s t r a p ,C S SMarch2017–October2017
•Initializinganewproject
•Devisedaplatformdesignedforhostingmanagement
•DevelopingcomponentsandbindingtoAPI
•FacilitatedinScrumevents(sprints,daily)

173: Lilya SUCHKOVA.pdf
Lilya
SUCHKOVA
+7-(916)-000-90-76
⬦ssaaakova@icloud.comMoscow
⬦Russia
https://www.linkedin.com/in/lil-suchkova/
DataScientistandAnalystwithsolidacademicbackground,6yearsofexperienceine-commerceandbanking.Iperformanalytics,buildandutilizemachinelearningmodelsforbanks’campaigninginordertounderstandconsumerbehaviorandtheirpreferences,whichhelpstoincreasecompany’sprofitandcustomersatisfaction.IamlookingforaDataScientist/MachineLearningEngineerpositionintheNordiccountries.
EXPERIENCERosbank,Soci´et´eG´en´eraleGroupJan2021-presentD a t aS c i e n t i s t–R e t a i lB u s i n e s s ,C u s t o m e rE x p e r i e n c eM o d e l i n gM o s c o w
·DevelopedmodelforprivateloansdemandelasticitypredictionandconductedA/Btestonitseffect
·CurrentlydevelopingmodelsforprivateloansresponserateandrefinancetakeratepredictionsT o o l s :Python(numpy,pandas,sklearn,lightGBM),SAS
SberBankSep2019-Jan2021D a t aS c i e n t i s t–R e t a i lB u s i n e s s ,M a s sP e r s o n a l i z a t i o nM o s c o w
·Developedandmaintainedmachinelearningmodelstopredictresponseoninvestmentandsavingsproducts:deposits,brokeraccountsandother:
•Mynewmetalaccountsresponsepredictionmodelincreaseduplift3.5xtimesandgeneratedaddi-tionalNPVof2.6mlnUSDperQ22020
•DevelopedmodelforpredictingfinancialliteracylevelfortheprojectthatwonBestSocialProjectawardatRetailFinanceAwards2020
·Completedad-hocanalysisonclients’savingsbehaviorandhelpedtodesignA/BtestsforcampaignefficiencyevaluationT o o l s :Python(numpy,pandas,sklearn,lightGBM),SQL(Teradata),SAS
SberBankNov2015-Sep2019F i n a n c i a lD a t aA n a l y s t–T r e a s u r y ,F u n d sT r a n s f e rP r i c i n gM o s c o w
·Developedandmaintainedmodelforbasisriskpremiumevaluationforinternalfundingoflong-termprojectswithfloatingloanratestomitigateinterestraterisk
·Developedcustom-mademethodsformeasuringrationalityofexercisingembeddedoptionsforretaildeposits(withdrawalandtop-up)
·Completedregularandad-hocanalyticreportsoninterestrates,balancesheetstructureanddynamics,prepareddocumentsforRatesCommitteeandAssets-LiabilitiesManagementCommitteeT o o l s :MSExcel(+VBA),SQL(MSSQLServer,Teradata),R,Python
LamodaJun2015-Oct2015D a t aA n a l y s t–B u s i n e s sD e v e l o p m e n t&C u s t o m e rI n s i g h t sM o s c o w
·Developedfromscratchareportonregionalsalesandcustomerpreferences’difference
·Preparedad-hocanalyticsoncustomerbehavior:prepaymentsystemscomparison,orderscancellationmeasurement
·Maintainedregularreportsoncustomerfeedback
T o o l s :MSExcel,SQL(Oracle),Hive
EDUCATION
HigherSchoolofEconomics,MoscowM.Sc.inDataScience&FinancialTechnologiesJ u l2 0 1 9GPA:4.5/5.0Relevantcourses:MachineLearning,NLP,DeepLearning,BigData,StochasticProcesses&TimeSeriesM.Sc.inFinancialEconomicsJ u n2 0 1 5GPA:4.8/5.0,cumlaudeRelevantcourses:Econometrics,FinancialMarkets&Instruments,GameTheoryB.Sc.AppliedMathematics&ComputerScienceJ u n2 0 1 3GPA:4.85/5.0,cumlaudeRelevantcourses:Optimization,GameTheory&SocialChoice,ProbabilityTheory&Statistics,Databases,Programming(C++,C#,MATLAB)
SKILLS
ProgrammingPython(numpy,pandas,matplotlib,sklearn,lightGBM,XGBoost)DatabasesMSSQLServer,TeradataModelslogisticregression,decisiontrees,gradientboosting,clustering,t-SNEOtherdatavisualization,statistics,A/BtestingToolsSAS,git,bash,VSCode,JupyterNotebook,GoogleColabLanguagesEnglish(fluent),Russian(native)
OTHERCERTIFICATIONS
IntroductiontoPySpark,D a t a C a m pJ u l2 0 2 1IntroductiontoDataEngineering,D a t a C a m pJ u n2 0 2 1MachineLearningPROAccelerator,S k i l l F a c t o r yD e c2 0 2 0-M a r2 0 2 1DataVisualizationwithPythonbyIBM,C o u r s e r aJ a n2 0 2 1MachineLearningwithTensorFlowonGCP(2/5courses)byGoogle,C o u r s e r aS e p2 0 2 0


174: Liza MOKHAN.pdf
SunnyIslesBeach,33160,FL
l i n k e d i n . c o m / i n / l i z a - m o k h a n - 1 a 8 
3 4 8 1 3 6LizaMOKHAN(+1)682-000-9183liza.mokhan@gmail.com
AQAAUTOMATIONENGINEERWITH4+YEARSOFEXPERIENCEWITHGREATATTENTIONTODETAILS,ANEXCELLENTACADEMICRECORD,WITH
GOODUNDERSTANDINGOFSOFTWAREDEVELOPMENTLIFECYCLE,GOODKNOWLEDGEOFSOFTWARETESTINGCONCEPTSANDMETHODOLOGIES.LOOKINGFORACHALLENGINGROLEINAHIGH-LEVELPROFESSIONALENVIRONMENTTOUTILIZE
MYTECHNICAL,MATHANDCOMMUNICATIONSKILLS.
EXPERIENCEQualityAssuranceAutomationEngineerMarTechStackLLCOct2019–Dec2020
●Developed,modified,andexecutedsoftwaretestplans,automatedscripts,andprogramsfortesting.
●Increasedtheproductivityofformsbyanalyzingtestresults,providingfeedback,andconsultingwithdevelopmentengineersintheresolutionofvariousproblems.
●Trackedsoftwareproblemsandverifiedtheircorrection.Coordinatednecessarytestingresourcestomeetdeadlines.
QAEngineerITRoyaltyFeb2014–Dec2014
●Investigatedandanalyzedrequirements,specificationsandtechnicaldocumentsforcreatingandmaintainingwelldesignedtestdocumentation(testplansandtestcases).
●DesignedandexecutedcomplexSQLscriptstomaintaindata.Performedblack-boxtesting,integration,regression,smoke,positive/negativetesting.
QAAutomationSoftwareTestingEngineerSmartSoftJan2013–Jan2014GMSPRiskFeedQualityMonitor:toolforcheckingbigamountsoffinancialdatavia
di
ﬀ
erentbusinessrules.Start-upcompanyspecializedindevelopmentandsupportofcustomwebandback-endsolutions.
●Participatedindaily/weeklymeetingsinaccordancewithAgileprinciples.
●PerformedfunctionalmanualtestingofUI(Webapplication).
●ImplementedandmaintainedQAAutomationtestsusingSeleniumWebdriverandC#
JuniorSoftwareTestingEngineerHealthCorpJun2011–Jul2012
●Analyzedspecification,addeddetails,wireframesandscreenshotstoit.
●Performedfunctionalmanualtestingon
di
ﬀ
erentphasesoftestingcycle.
●Performedusabilitytesting.Reportedissuesintoanownedbug-trackingsystem.
SKILLS
●ExperienceinSelenium(Webdriver),C#.
●ExperienceinSQL(MSSQL).
●ExperienceinWaterfallandAgile(Scrum,Kanban)methodologies.
●Experienceinpreparingandmaintainingtesting/technicaldocumentation.
●Strongcommunicationandself-organizingskills,troubleshootingandproblem-solvingskills.
●Strongworkethics,passionateanddetailoriented,focusedonresultandquality,creativethinking,initiativeandcommittedtoprojectgoals.Teamplayer.
EDUCATIONMinsk,BelarusBelarusianStateUniversity2008-2009Master'sdegree,Mathematics
Minsk,BelarusBelarusianStateUniversity2005-2008Bachelor'sdegree(diplomacumlaude)inMathematicsandcomputerscience

175: Malik Raiskhanov .pdf
MalikRaiskhano viOSSoftw ar eEngineerAlmaty ,KazakhstanWillingt or elocat er a684hano v .a@gmail.com+77010003200https://link edin.com/in/asaaahan-r/https://leet code.com/Asy laaanR/
EXPERIENCE“K olesaGr oup ”Almaty ,KazakhstaniOSDe v eloper(K olesa.kz,Krisha.kz,Mar k et .kz,A vt oelon.uz)September2017–present
●Designedandimplement edsa vingsear chquerieswithfurther
noti
ﬁ
cationsaboutnewpositions,w hichr esult edinhig herr et entionandDail yA cti v eUsers
●Designedandimplement edchatf eatur essuchassendingimages,audiomessages,locationando wnad v erts,w hichr esult edinmor econtactsandr et ention
●De v elopedbalancet opupandNPSmodules,thatar eusedacr ossse v er alpr ojects
●R ef act or edleg acydomainmodelscode,leadingt o15%lessmemoryconsumptionand20%lessnetw or k
tr a
ﬀ
icusage
●De v elopedanimpactanal y sisscriptt oidentifyifapr ojectbuildneedst ober anonCI/CDw henmakingchangesincommonmodules,w hichledt oshort erbuildqueuesandlessbuildw aitingtime
EDUCA TIONInt ernationalInformationT echnologyUni v ersity ,Almaty ,KazakhstanSep2014–Jun2018
●BachelorofEngineeringandT echnologyinInf ormationS y st ems(GP A3.73/4.0)S chmalkaldenUni v ersityofA ppliedS cienc es,Thuringia,German yOct2016–Feb2017
●Ex changesemest er
●Implement edchatmoduleaspartofthecoursew or kpr oject(Andr oid,Ja v a,Fir ebaseMessaging)
TE CHNICALSKILL SLanguages:S wift ,Objecti v e-CT echnologiesandF r ame w or ks:iOSSDK,UIKit ,A ut ola y out ,MV C,GCD ,A VF oundation,Cor eLocation,APNS,RES TAPI,Cocoapods,Git ,CI/CD ,F astlane
A CTIVITIESGa v etw otalk sattheK olesaMeetUpont opics:
●“Ho ww eimplement edaudiomessagesinchat” ,https://y outu.be/J6_jHLBE0HM(R ussian)2020
●“DebugginginX code”2018
A CHIEVEMENT S
●1stplaceatK olesaInt ernalHack athonwith“CarMak eandModelr ecognition ”pr oject2019●A CMICPC
Quart er-
ﬁ
nalsparticipantinNorthern-E ur asianR egion,Almaty2015

176: Marat Dolya.pdf
Marat
Dolya
aaaam.dolya@gmail.com
+14000075075
linkedin.com/in/aaaaolya
Summary
•
19+
years
of
experience
in
building
various
software
solutions
(.NET/.NET
Core
as
a
main
Stack)
•
In
my
previous
company
I
went
from
team
lead
to
.NET
Software
Architect
managing
team
16
•
Currently
I’m
a
solutions
architect
helping
teams
to
adopt
services
at
AWS,
and
improving
SaaS
platform
sales
attractiveness
and
standardization
Experience
Software
Architect
Itera
Jul
2023
-
Aug
2023
(2
months)
•
Requirements
gathering
•
Presales
Cloud
Solutions
Architect
Itera
Nov
2021
-
Jun
2023
(1
year
8
months)
•
Supported
teams
in
migrating
and
adapting
services
from
on-premise
to
the
cloud.
•
Consulted
teams
for
developing
cloud-native
applications.
•
Introduced
an
open-source
API
management
tool
after
conducting
market
research.
•
Provided
Requirements
Analysis
in
communication
with
UX
and
Frontend
team
for
proof
of
concept.
•
Presented
other
scenarios
of
API
management
tool
used
to
improve
the
software
development
process.
•
Designed
architecture
solutions
and
contributed
to
overall
strategic
planning.
•
Actively
participated
in
knowledge-sharing
activities
within
the
team.
Software
Architect
Namecheap,
Inc
Apr
2018
-
Oct
2021
(3
years
7
months)
•
Provided
interviews
and
code
reviews.
•
Led
the
integration
of
a
child
product
with
the
main
one.
•
Led
migration
of
company
products
from
on-premises
to
AWS
cloud.
Technical
Lead
Namecheap,
Inc
Mar
2016
-
Mar
2018
(2
years
1
month)•
Led
the
development
of
a
multifunctional
team
of
developers,
QA,
and
product
owners.
•
Managed
team
of
16
Introduced
Software
Development
Life
Cycle
for
existing
WCF
application
and
introduced
database
migrations
for
Microsoft
SQL
Server
to
Windows
servers.
•
Designed
solution
architecture
for
key
systems.
•
Decoupled
a
monolithic
product
to
a
service-oriented,
Linux-friendly,
cloud-agnostic
system,
and
migrated
the
database
from
on-premise
to
AWS
Postgres.
•
Designed
highly-available
web
services.
•
Improved
customer
support
effectiveness
by
providing
training
and
demos.
•
Implemented
IdentityServer4
as
the
main
security
tool
at
the
company-wide
level.
Technical
Lead
Dev.Pro
Jul
2015
-
Mar
2016
(9
months)
•
Improved
communication
and
collaboration
between
the
development
team
and
QA.
•
Introduced
best
practices
from
Agile
Methodologies
to
the
team.
•
Conducted
interviews
and
code
reviews
for
efficient
resource
allocation.
•
Developed
integrations
with
Microsoft
Exchange
to
enhance
functionality.
•
Automated
deployment
processes
and
initiated
the
migration
from
Bugzilla
and
SVN
to
TFS.
•
Provided
support
to
other
teams
for
backend
integration.
•
Actively
involved
in
software
development
and
gathering
requirements.
Team
Lead
TEAM
International
Sep
2014
-
Jun
2015
(10
months)
•
Gathered
requirements
and
facilitated
effective
communication
with
stakeholders.
•
Conducted
code
reviews
and
interviews
to
ensure
code
quality
and
team
productivity.
•
Developed
software
for
CMS
systems.
•
Designed
services
based
on
best
practices
from
Agile
methodologies.
•
Introduced
and
implemented
Agile
practices
within
the
team
Senior
.NET
Developer
Antarasoft
Ltd
Jan
2009
-
Oct
2009
(10
months)
•
Actively
participated
in
the
development
of
desktop
and
web
applications,
ensuring
the
delivery
of
high-quality
solutions.
•
Conducted
code
reviews
to
maintain
code
quality
and
adherence
to
best
practices.
•
Led
the
design
and
development
of
applications
from
scratch,
meeting
client
requirements.
•
Gathered
requirements
and
maintained
effective
communication
with
customers
Developer
Terrapoint
Canada
(Ambercore)
Sep
2004
-
Dec
2008
(4
years
4
months)
•
Developed
software
solutions
for
desktop
applications,
meeting
client
requirements.
•
Conducted
code
reviews
to
ensure
adherence
to
coding
standards
and
maintain
code
quality.
•
Gathered
requirements
and
actively
participated
in
communication
with
customers.
Education
National
Technical
University
"Kharkiv
Polytechnic
Institute"
Engineer
–
System
Analyst,
Information
Management
Systems
and
Technologies
Sep
1998
-
Feb
2004


177: Marat Nuriev.pdf
MaratNurievmarat@nuriev.me•linkedin.com/in/nuriev78/.NetDeveloperTECHNICALPROFICIENCIE S
Backend:.NET,C#,ASP.NETMVC,LINQFrontend:JavaScript,ExtJS,HTML,CSSDatabases:PostgreSQL,Oracle,NHibernateVersionControl:Git
PROFESSIONALEXPERIENCE
BARSGroup,Russia
Full-stack.NETDeveloper(7/2018–Present)
P r o j e c t :ElectronicBudgetoftheRussianFederation(.NETMVCWebApplication)
T e c h n o l o g i e s :C#,ASP.NETMVC,ExtJS,JavaScript,NHibernate,Oracle,PostgreSQL,CastleWindsor,Git,Jira,Bitbucket,TeamCity,IIS
K e yA c h i e v e m e n t s :
●Reducedloadingtimeofsomepagesfrom10to3secondsbyimprovingrequeststodatabaseandreducingmaterializationofdata.
●Createdmessengerbottocreatereportsforclientaboutfinishedtasks(usesJira’sAPI).
●Builtmodulefortestingelectronicsigningofdocumentsonclientsideafterapplicationupdate.
●Fixedbugs,suchasbugsaftermergingbrunchesonGitorcriticalissuesafterupdate.
●Implementedgraphicalrepresentationofinformation(differenttablesandreports).
●Supportedanddevelopednewfunctionality.
Self-employed,Russia
SoftwareDeveloper(1/2015–7/2018)
T e c h n o l o g i e s :C#,WindowsForms,JavaScript,HTML,CSS,MySQL,EntityFramework,PHP,Git
K e yA c h i e v e m e n t s :
●Createdtradingbotsforcomputergamesthathasbeenusedbyhundredsofpeopleeveryday.
●Developedmessengerbots,oneofthemhas1000+subscribers.
●Builtwindowsformsapplicationstocheckstrategiesforstockmarket.
●Workedonownideasandprograms.EDUCATIONANDTRAINING
BachelorofComputerScience(2012–2016).GPA:3.23.(inprogress)MasterofComputerScience.Part-time.2019–March2022.KazanStatePowerEngineeringUniversity,Russia
LANGUAGESCERTIFICATES
●English:IELTSC1(advanced).Listening:8.5.Reading:8.0.Writing:7.0.Speaking:7.0.Overall:7.5.
●French:TCFB2(upper-intermediate).CO:480.CE:518.EE:13.EO:10.

178: Marat Tereshkov.pdf
Marat
Tereshkov
+79778000825
altaaase.job@gmail.com
Moscow,
Russia
Alteaaae
Altaaase
Alaaaise
Education
National
Research
University
MAI
,
Moscow,
Russia
(Sep.
2019
–
May
2023)
B.Sc.
in
Computer
Science
(Fundamental
Informatics
&
Information
Technologies)
Relevant
courses
:
Fundamental
Algorithms,
Application
Software,
Operating
systems
&
Computer
architecture,
Linear
Algebra,
Discrete
Math,
Calculus,
Differential
equations,
Probability
theory
GPA
:
4.75
/
5
Internships
&
Projects
&
Achievements
●
AVSoft
(Information
Security)
|
Internship
(Jul.
2021
-
Present)
Partly
refactored
an
application
core
(visualized
an
outdated
file
processing
system,
removed
unused 
parts
of
it,
rewrote
some
C-style
code
to
a
modern
C++
code,
and
formatted
it
accordingly
to
a
team 
code
style
guide)
Improved
a
command-line
arguments
parser
using
Boost.ProgramOptions
library
Implemented
a
trivial
logger
using
Boost.Log
library
Found
an
issue
with
the
application
GUI
on
the
KDE
Plasma
desktop
environment
and
reported
it
●
Tax
reports
database
with
statistics
|
Coursework
Created
a
fully
functional
console
application
for
storing
tax
reports,
statistics
of
it
and
a
generator
of
the 
reports
Technologies
used:
C++,
STL,
self-implemented
Red-Black
tree
●
Client-server
«Sea
Battle»
Game
|
Coursework
Created
a
fully
functional
2
player
console
game 
Technologies
used:
C++,
STL,
UNIX
Sockets
●
Competitive
Programming
|
Achievements
Participation
in
ICPC,
7
OpenCups,
Codeforces
contests
Completion
of
a
competitive
programming
course
in
MAI
(2
semesters)
Skills
Programming:
C,
C++,
STL,
Object-Oriented
Programming,
System
Programming,
Multithreaded
Programming,
Algorithms
&
Data
Structures,
C#,
Python,
SQL
Languages:
English
(
Upper-Intermediate),
Russian
(Native)
Other:
Linux
,
Git,
TeX


179: MARGO SAGITOVA.pdf
MARGO SAGITOVA +7(999)999-99-99 ⬦ x@x.com  EDUCATION  Moscow  Institute  of  Physics  and  Technology September 2019 - August 2023 #11 QS EECA University Rankings 2020 (Expected) Bachelor’s degree in Applied Mathematics, Physics and Computer Science GPA 9.05 of 10  WORK EXPERIENCE  Russian  Foundation  for  Basic  Research  grant  N◦ 20-07-00222 January 2019 - Present “Synthetic DNA as an information carrier for long-term storage of non-biological data in it, including the creation of a prototype of an oligo library from NYRN oligonucleotides” · Analyzing DNA-computing algorithms and information coding systems. · Designing the prototype of the coding system. Russian  Foundation  for  Basic  Research  grant  N◦ 18-29-14076 August 2018 - Present “Legal and ethical aspects of the general DNA certification of the population of the Russian Federation for the purpose of DNA identification of a person” · Designing and developing searching software for molecular biologists. ACHIEVEMENTS  Co-author of the article “Non-biological application of DNA molecules” DOI:10.31301/2221-6197.bmcs.2019-28 Co-applicant of the patent “Coding methods using nitrogenous bases of DNA and olig- otecs” Russian Federation patent application N◦ 2019126609 PROJECTS  Strategy Game May 2020 · Collaborated with a classmate to develop a cross-platform game in C++. · Learned diverse design patterns and implement clear and flexible architecture. · Designed game engine classes and developed game mechanics. Website for DnD players April 2020 · Learned Django framework in two weeks and developed backend using PostgreSQL database. · Created frontend using HTML. Desktop App for SNPs Search March 2020 · Collaborated with molecular biologists to design universal searching app. · Developed an app that allows to find different patterns in SNPs with Tkinter package. Algorithms  and  Data  Structures  practice January 2020 - May 2020 · Implemented different data structures and algorithms including BigInteger, List, Planarity Check in C++.  TECHNICAL SKILLS  Languages C++, Python, C Technologies Git, NumPy, Tkinter, Django Other LaTex, Linux 

180: Mark Pavlenko.pdf
Mark
Pavlenko
Senior
Frontend
Developer
Contacts
vitaaan@gmail.com
+7(968)000-52-96
@pavlenko_viaaay
pavlenko-aaaay
pavlaaaovit
Summary
I'v e
been
doing
fr ont-end
de v elopment
for
o v er
6
y ears.
During
this
time,
I
de v eloped
SP A
in
React,
made
websites
with
SSR
with
Next.js,
mobile
applications
in
React
Nativ e
for
iOS/Andr oid.
My
str ong
point
is
the
lo v e
of
or der
in
any
pr oject.
This
applies
not
only
t o
code,
but
also
t o
pr ocesses
in
teams.
In
the
last
two
companies
I
combined
de v elopment
and
management
of
a
team,
the
siz e
of
which
r eached
10
people.
Skills
JavaScript
·
TypeScript
·
React
·
Next.js
·
React
Native
·
Redux.js
·
Webpack
·
D3.js
·
Styled
Components
·
Restyle
·
SAAS
·
Jest
·
React
Testing
Library
·
CSS
·
HTML
·
Node.js
·
Express.js
·
GraphQL
·
MySQL
·
Git
Work
experience
–
6
years
3
months
Senior
Frontend
Developer,
Team
Lead
PROFI
–
marketplace
of
specialties
Mar
2022
-
Present
·
1
year
6
months
For
the
last
six
months,
I
have
been
responsible
for
the
development
and
implementation
of
UI-kit
into
products.
Previously ,
I
developed
the
front-end
of
a
mobile
application
and
web
version
of
Profi
✓
Speeded
up
the
React
Native
application
renderer
by
30%
after
abandoning
styled-components
✓
Rewrote
part
of
the
code
from
the
monolith
into
a
separate
microservice
on
Node.js.
This
made
it
possible
to
get
rid
of
legacy
PHP
code
and
transfer
part
of
the
product
to
the
target
architecture
✓
Wrote
3
articles
on
Habr ,
which
helped
increase
awareness
of
the
IT
brand
Frontend
Cluster
Lead
SBER
(PULSE)
–
digital
environment
for
employees
and
managers
Nov
2018
-
Feb
2022
·
3
years
4
months
I
was
a
competency
leader
in
the
Analytics
cluster
and
was
responsible
for
the
growth
and
development
of
10
front-end
developers
✓
Launched
4
analytical
products
on
the
HR
platform
✓
Delivered
a
presentation
at
the
SberJS
meetup
with
a
topic
about
the
D3.js
charting
library
✓
Created
a
comfortable
atmosphere
in
the
front-end
community
of
the
cluster
✓
Participated
in
the
hiring
of
interns
for
the
Sber
Seasons
internship
and
was
a
mentor
for
4
interns
✓
Received
an
award
for
his
contribution
to
the
development
of
a
mentoring
culture
at
the
bank
Frontend
Developer
KRIKDESIGN
–
Web
Studio
Aug
2017
-
Oct
2018
·
1
years
3
months
I
developed
front-end
parts
for
websites
using
React
or
native
JavaScript
✓
Made
2
websites
with
complex
animations
for
the
Awwwards,
which
won
as
the
“site
of
the
day”
✓
Created
several
interactive
promotional
landing
pages
for
the
IKEA
websiteAdditional
information
Education
2017
-
2021
Moscow
Automobile
and
Road
Construction 
University
(MADI)
Bachelor's
degree,
Information
Technology
Publications
-
Restyle
as
a
new
standard
for
creating
UI
in
React
Native
-
Building
Complex
Forms
with
Ease:
A
Comprehensive
Guide
-
Advanced
Data
Visualization
using
D3.js
and
React
-
Creating
Your
Own
CLI
for
React:
Tips
and
Tricks
-
Creating
Dynamic
Sticky
Effects
for
React
Slider
-
Implementing
Free
Particle
Movement
with
ReactJS
Languages
Russian
–
Native
|
English
–
Proficient

181: Mikhail Mukhamatulin.pdf
Mikhail Mukhamatulin +7-981-809-26-88 | mikeee.mukhamatulin@gmail.com  EMPLOYMENT Deutsche Bank Jan 2019 - Present Software Engineer, Associate Saint Petersburg, Russia • Standardized inter-process communications methods between micro-frontend applications by developing gRPC message broker service in C# and promoting its adoption across teams • Implemented REST API reverse-proxy using ASP.NET for gRPC services of frontend applications, which drastically simplified a mocking of communication between apps for E2E testing and increased code coverage • Ported several WPF views of monolith C# desktop application to micro-frontend Typescript Angular apps, which reduced initial application size and gave the ability to independently deploy those view components • Decreased time of opening web-based application popups from 10 seconds to less than 2 in 95% of cases, by creating preload and reuse mechanism of renderer processes in Chromium Embedded Framework • Developed extension JavaScript API which gave the ability to applications launched inside the embedded browser of desktop client to manipulate the browser window properties and interact with applications platform • Fixed various critical bugs of CEF running on client’s restrictive environments and, thus, unblocked migration of several applications and removed the company’s reputational risks Swordfish Security May 2018 - Dec 2018 Full Stack .NET Developer Saint Petersburg, Russia • Developed a secure cross-platform local secrets’ storage service for macOS and Windows on .NET Core, which simplified and sped up desktop client application development • Substantially increased application testability and shortened release cycle from 3 months to 2 weeks by leading MVVM adoption inside team for desktop client application development • Implemented a cross-session caching mechanism of client-server requests, which has reduced the desktop application’s startup time by 80% • Won first place on the company’s internal hackathon by creating an experimental iOS application to install and update security certificates on mobile devices using animated QR-codes Belkasoft Oct 2015 - Apr 2018 Software Engineer Saint Petersburg, Russia • Decreased disk image scan time by 22% and reduced application’s CPU load by 17%, by implementing an asynchronous C# API for reading data from the various file systems and disk images • Designed and developed the application’s dashboard page with charts of the latest disk image scans, which was widely used in the application’s promotion materials and greatly increased the appeal of the product to customers • Separated a pipeline of building Lucene search index by moving it to a dedicated process that handles a persistent job queue and, thus, improved reliability and simplified workflow of disk image scan • Developed SQLite3 database file parser with support of reading freelist, unallocated space, rollback journal, and write-ahead log, which gave access to deleted entries and allowed to work with damaged database files • Created an alternative implementation of Android Debug Bridge protocol, which allowed to capture whole mobile device storage image via USB for the following data analysis EDUCATION Saint Petersburg State University Sep 2012 - Jul 2016 Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics and Computer Science | GPA: 3.76 (4.76/5) Saint Petersburg, Russia PROJECTS AnkiOneClick | Popup dictionary extension for Chrome which allows creating unknown foreign word flashcards with translations for Anki (TypeScript, React, Python, Flask) SpbBuildingAgeMaps | Data Visualization of buildings ages in Saint Petersburg based on information parsed from several sources and built using OpenStreetMap and CartoDB (C#, SQLite) TECHNICAL SKILLS Languages: C#, TypeScript, JavaScript, Python, C++ Databases: MSSQL, MySQL, SQLite Frameworks: WPF, Xamarin, ASP.NET, React, Angular, Backbone.js Technologies: CEF, Node.js, Electron, gRPC, Lucene 

182: Miron MEDVEDEV.pdf
Miron
MEDVEDEV
+995593000923eaaavedvq@gmail.com
⋄LinkedIn
⋄GitHub
OBJECTIVEAIandDataScienceprofessionalwithhands-onexperienceinmodeldevelopment,deployment,NLPanddataanalysis.Seekingchallengingopportunitiestofurtherdevelopandapplymyskills.
EDUCATION
MasterofScienceinAppliedEconomics,HigherSchoolofEconomics2020-2022
BachelorofEconomics,HigherSchoolofEconomics2016-2020
EXPERIENCEMachineLearningEngineer,AmberdataNov2022-Present
•Increasednewsvideoaccessibilityby30%bydevelopinganddeployinganeuralnetworkforsubtitlegenerationusingFastAPIandRabbitMQ.
•Improvedtheinformationretrievalspeedby20%byimplementingaQ&AmodelusingBERTandFAISSindex.
•ElevatedtheF1scoreto90%inopiniondetectionforUnifiedStateExamessaysbyfine-tuningBERT.
•Enhanceduserprofileaccuracyby15%bytrainingamodelonclickstreamstoproduceuserembeddings.
•Raisedtargetedmarketingefficiencyby30%bycontributingtoateamprojecttoclassifyusersbasedonsocio-demographiccharacteristics.
•Streamlinedinternaldecision-makingbysupportingtheanalyticsteamindeveloping5SupersetdashboardsusingPySparkandHive.
AIResearcher,SkillCupMay2023-June2023
•Boostedcontentcreationrateby20%byengineeringasystemthatautonomouslygeneratesmultiple-choicequestionsusingFRED-T5andruGPT-3.
•Managedend-to-endprojectphasesincludingclientcommunication,leadingtosuccessfuldeploymentonYandexDataSphere.
DataScienceIntern,SBERBANKJuly2021-Oct2021
•Increasedorganizationaltransparencybyvisualizinginter-departmentalconnectionsusingNetGraphXandGraphviz.
•AchievedCER=0.065andWER=0.157byleadingaRussianHandwritingRecognitionprojectusingastate-of-the-artarchitecture.LinktotheprojectonGitHub
•Acceleratedissueresolutiontimeby10%byemployingLDAtocategorizefrequentproblemsinJiratickets.
SKILLS
ProgrammingPython,SQL,R,Git,Linux,Bash,L
ATEXLibrariesPytorch,Numpy,Tensorflow,FastAPI,Pyspark,Deepspeed,Pyspark,XGboost,Pandas,Scikit-learn,Matplotlib,Plotly,SeabornToolsHive,Superset,RabbitMQ,YandexDataSphereLanguagesEnglish,Russian
HOBBIES
•Passionateaboutclimbing.
•EnthusiasticfollowerofFor-mula1racing.
•Enjoywatchingandanalyz-ingfilms. 
•Activelistenerofvariousmu-sicgenres.
•Avidfootballfanandplayer.
•ActiveE-sportsfan,rootingfor9Pandas


183: Mitya Brezovsky.pdf
  Mitya Brezovsky  Java Software Developer   Summary  • Experience in commercial software development - 1 year as Java developer. • Have 4 months of remote work experience. • Practical work with Python, Bash and SQL. • Good work in team. Easy to learn. Admirable analytical skills.  Skills  • Java: Spring Framework (Boot, MVC, Data), Gradle, Maven, Hibernate, JUnit. • JavaScript: React, npm. • Databases: SQL (SQLite, PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server). • Other skills: Linux (primary OS), Git, AWS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Jenkins, Bash, Python.  Employment  • STiM (Nov 2019 - Present) ◦ Wialon Analytics – analytical system for cars sensors monitoring: ▪ Designed and implemented the system (both front and backend) from scratch. Technologies: Java, JavaScript, React, SQLite, MS SQL Server.  Awards and Initiatives  • Hackathon"#BRESTHACK2018"- 3rd place as a team member of 2 people: ◦ Developed product from scratch to MVP in a limited time (only 48h). ◦ Prepared and presented our product (experience with public speaking). • Brest Python Meetup (Feb 29, 2019) - co-organizer and speaker.  Languages  • English – B1 (Intermediate). • Russian – Native.  Education  • Brest State Polytechnic College - Mechanical Technical (2016 – 2020). 

184: Nickita Valchkou.pdf
 Pedro Vucenovic   Date of birth: 29/11/1978  Gender: Male (+356) 9976211 zvbrdaaaa@gmail.com Marsaskala, Malta      WORK EXPERIENCE  15/10/2018 – CURRENT – Fgura, Malta FLOOR COVERING INSTALLER – Betacentre Installing ◦ hardwood flooring ◦ laminate ◦ decks ◦ vinyl ◦ parquet ◦ turf ◦ auwing and coving ◦ aquafloor ◦ Measuring materials ◦ preparing floors, removing imperfections ◦ apply finishes and refinishes   01/03/2003 – 16/09/2018 – Prijedor, Bosnia and Herzegovina SHOP GENERAL MANAGER – Delta TR ◦ Responsible for the daily managing of store and staff ◦ Analysing store sales figures ◦ Developing marketing strategies ◦ Maintaining accurate records of pricing and sales ◦ Managing budgets   01/06/2015 – 01/06/2017 – Kozarska Dubica, Bosnia and Herzegovina ORCHARD ASSISTANT VOLUNTEER - FRUIT GROWER – Nipas DOO ◦ Worked as an orchard assistant working different types of jobs at the plum, apple and pear orchard ◦ Pruning trees per instruction of apple production manager. ◦ Harvesting of fruit trees, assisting fruit production crew with various tasks as needed ◦ Care and protection of trees and fruits 
EDUCATION AND TRAINING  01/09/1993 – 01/06/1997 – Prijedor, Bosnia and Herzegovina Agriculture technician  2002 – Italy Courses in Agriculture, Vegetable, Floriculture, Plant Protection – AGEF    LANGUAGE SKILLS  Mother tongue(s): SERBIAN   UNDERSTANDING SPEAKING WRITING Listening Reading Spoken production Spoken interaction  ENGLISH B1 B1 B1 B2 B1 Levels: A1 and A2: Basic user; B1 and B2: Independent user; C1 and C2: Proficient user    DIGITAL SKILLS  Microsoft Office     COMMUNICATION AND INTERPERSONAL SKILLS  Detail oriented, Physical fitness, Organisational skills  


185: Nikita Ivanov.pdf
Nikita Ivanov    


186: Nikolas Evsiukov.pdf
    EDUCATION Nikolas Evsiukov +7966321-11-22 | Evsiukkkov@phystech.edu | 
  Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology Moscow, Russia Bachelor of Applied Mathematics, Physics and Computer Science Sept. 2019 – Aug. 2023 (Expected) ◦ GPA: 9.2 of 10 PROJECTS • WildHack — strategy game May 2020 ◦ Taught myself Qt in a month and collaborated with a classmate to develop the cross-platform game. ◦ Implemented clear and flexible architecture by learning design patterns. ◦ Developed game core on C++ and GUI on Qt. Built a continuous integration pipeline that automates the process of unit testing, GUI testing, documentation generation, and game distribution. • Time-management website   ◦ Taught myself Django framework in 3 weeks and developed backend, launching with PostgreSQL database. ◦ Designed frontend using HTML/CSS and Bootstrap library. ◦ Learned Docker and built a continuous integration pipeline that automates the process of unit testing and deployment. • Self-driving logistic system (Bootcamp) Apr. 2020     July 2018 ◦ Taught myself Robot Operation System in a week and developed microservices on C++ for robot navigation and communication. ◦ Exploring documentation, fixed an unexpected problem with microservice-sensor communication appeared just before the deadline. • Universal Bluetooth Controller May 2018 ◦ Taught myself development for Android in 2 months and developed a mobile app for creating custom Bluetooth controllers. ◦ Implemented the GUI system for an easy controllers configuration. ◦ Adapted this app for using as a controlling interface for the robotic goat in local museum. ACHIEVEMENTS • 1st place in project competition (Analysis of the load structure of the consumer) Aug. 2018 – Feb. 2019 Working with a team, this began as an education project that I drove to completion so our team take 1st place (of 384) in the All-Russian project competition ”Energy breakthrough” and get a partnership with the biggest energy transfer company in Russia. ◦ Designed server’s architecture and implemented it using C++ and PostgreSQL. Fixed the problem with a slow transferring a large amount of data for machine learning algorithm by learning WebSocket protocol fastly and optimized communication with the server. SKILLS • Programming languages: C++, Python, C, basic knowledge of Java. • Technologies: Git, GitHub Action, Django, Qt, Docker. • Knowledge: Algorithms, Data Structures. • Other:  Linux, LATEX. OTHER • Contributed to the faculty website project. • Maintained the faculty git repository of LaTeX lecture notes. • Took part in the All-Russian educational conference ”Digital lesson” for school students as a speaker. 
 
 
 
 • 
◦ 
◦ ◦ 

187: Oleg Protsenko.pdf
OlegProtsenko
425BallantraeDr,Winnipeg,MB,R3T6H6Mobile:(431)000-1091fiaaadvert@gmail.comhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/viaaaeslavprotsenko/
SUMMAR Y
ExperiencedQAAutomationTesterwithastrongbackgroundindesigning,developing,andexecutingautomatedtestscriptsforweb,mobile,anddesktopapplications.Proficientinmultipleprogramminglanguagesandtestautomationtools,withaproventrackrecordofimprovingsoftwarequalityandefficiency.Skilledincollaboratingwithcross-functionalteamsandintegratingautomationintoCI/CDpipelinesforrapidandreliablesoftwaredelivery.
WORKEXPERIENCE
QASoftwareTester,IdentityLabs,NYJan2023-Aug2023
●Developanddocumentsoftwaretestingplans
●Installsoftwareandhardwareandconfigureoperatingsystemsoftwareinpreparationfortesting
●Executeanddocumentresultsofsoftwareapplicationtestsandinformationandtelecommunicationsystemstests
●Developandimplementsoftwareandinformationsystemtestingpoliciesandprocedures
●Documentandreportdeviationsfromspecificationsandtolerances
QASoftwareTester,ABSOFT,Odessa,UkraineJan2022-Dec2022
●Performedbuginvestigation(UI+APIHerokutesting)
●Developanddocumentsoftwaretestingplans
●Maintaineddeploymentcontrol
●Openedticketsforbugs(Jira)andassignmentsforthedevelopmentdepartment
●ManagedtheETAdevelopmentdepartmenttofixbugsandreviewtheresolution,includinggrantingpermissionsfordeploymentandmanagingthereleaseprocess
●Wrotetestcasesanddocumentation,aswellasnewteststotestinnovations
●Collaboratedwithexternalservices:AWS,NetSuite,SalesForce
●Performedframeworkoptimization
EDUCATION
CollegeofIndustrialAutomationattheAcademyofRefrigeration,Odesa,Ukraine2014-2018
B a c h e l o ri nS o f t w a r eD e v e l o p m e n t
VOLUNTEERING
QASoftwareTester,R9Adverstisment,London,UKJan2023-PresentSt artup
●Developanddocumentsoftwaretestingplans
●Installsoftwareandhardwareandconfigureoperatingsystemsoftwareinpreparationfortesting
●Executeanddocumentresultsofsoftwareapplicationtestsandinformationandtelecommunicationsystemstests
HARDSKILLS:
Languag es:Java8.0,JavaScriptSoftware:IntelijjIdea,VisualStudioCode,PostmanTechnicalSkills:JSON·REST·JIRA·Salesforce.com·Git-SeleniumWebDriver,TestNG,AssertJ,Maven,Jenkins-Cypress-SCRUM,HTML,API

188: Pavel Egorov .pdf
  anonymous@gmail.com	+38(000)000	00	00		EDUCATION	Pavel	Egorov			Languages:	Python,	C,	Java,	HTML,	CSS	English																								B2+	(Upper-Intermediate)	Bachelor	of	Computer	Science	at	Ukrainian	Catholic	University		Relevant	courses:	Algorithms	&	Data	Structures,	Computer	System	Architecture,	Object-Oriented	Programming,	Probability	&	Statistics,	Python	Programming,	Mathematical	analysis,	Discrete	Mathematics.	EXPERIENCE	Expected	graduation:	July	2023	GPA:	93.81/100		Python	Developer	March	-	May	2020	Project	“Emotion	Detector”	Lviv,	Ukraine	● Created	a	project	for	my	term	work	at	the	university	that	helps	Twitter	users	determine	their	mood	and	emotions	● Increased	people	awareness	of	their	emotional	state;	reduced	the	number	of	depressions	and	other	mental	illnesses	● Implemented	it	using	Python;	evaluated	the	mood	of	Twitter	users	by	Natural	Language	Processing;	worked	with	Database	and	Twitter	API	● Developed	a	web	application	using	HTML,	CSS,	Flask	and	Dash;	hosted	it	by	Pythonanywhere	service	Python	Teacher	March	2020	CoderDojo	Lviv,	Ukraine	● Communicated	with	a	group	of	children	and	explained	to	them	the	basics	of	Python	● Involved	children	and	youth	in	learning	programming;	increased	their	knowledge	about	technical	tools,	programming	languages	and	opportunities	for	IT	education	● Taught	students	to	create	their	own	programs	and	projects	TECHNICAL	SKILLS		● Python	(NLP,	NLTK,	JSON,	plotly,	matplotlib,	PEP	8	standard	of	coding)	● C,	Java,	HTML,	CSS	● Web	Development	(Flask,	Dash,	Pythonanywhere	hosting)	● API	knowledge,	Git,	PyCharm,	VS	Code,	CLion,	IntelliJ	IDEA.		AWARDS	AND	ACTIVITIES		● Won	a	scholarship	for	tuition	fees	for	Bachelor	studies	based	on	academic	and	leadership	rewards	● Won	in	Synchro	Space	Hackathon	with	a	project	aimed	to	triple	the	use	of	bicycles	on	the	island	of	Khortytsia	in	Ukraine	● Participated	in	ICPC	(International	Collegiate	Programming	Contest)	● Participate	in	University	Parliament	where	working	in	a	team	and	creating	projects	to	improve	the	lives	of	students	● Volunteer	at	Lviv	Regional	Youth	Center	(July	2018	-	Present)	where	organize	social	projects	for	young	people,	contribute	to	local	and	national	forums	and	events	● Spoke	on	youth	lectures	about	communication	skills	and	opportunities	in	small	cities	● Volunteered	in	an	orphanage	and	in	a	home	for	the	elderly	● Volunteered	at	Lviv	IT	Arena	(September	2019),	Book	Forum	Lviv	(May	2018	and	September	2018),	Lviv	Oratory	Open	(June	2018)	

189: Pavel Korniltsev.pdf
Pavel Korniltsev Data Scientist Team Leader Saint Petersburg, Russian Federation +79226039000 kornilcpppp@yandex.ru     WORK EXPERIENCE SberBank Data Scientist Team Leader / Leading teams and large portfolios of data science projects / Representing the company at conferences through public speaking / Delivering innovative technical solutions to improve business outcomes / Creating scalable data pipelines and tools to reduce the time-to-market / Working with diverse ML-technologies: NLP, NN, Recommender Systems / Ensuring good communication between the parties to optimize strategies July 2017 - Present Russian Federation   Mobile Telesystem Data Scientist / Detecting anomalies in time series via sARIMA model / Fraud-detecting through regression models / Automating ETL process with SAS EG / Developing BI reports for anomaly explanation / Delivering insights to business supervisors / Working with huge data sets via Teradata July 2015 - July 2017 Russian Federation     EDUCATION Ural Federal University Bachelor of Program engineering October 2017 - Present Russian Federation   Ural Federal University Master of Financial markets and investments September 2012 - June 2014 Russian Federation   Ural State Mining University Master of Underground construction September 2007 - June 2012     SKILLS HADOOP, Machine Learning, NLP, Oracle, PL/SQL, Power BI, Python, Recommendation Systems, Spark, SQL, Tableau, Teradata, Time Series 

190: Pavel Paveluc.pdf
Luxembourg,LuxembourgLuxembourg,BluecardPavelPaveluc+352-000-118-082 
slaaaase@gmail.comEmploymentSeniorSoftwareEngineerDoclerHoldingSeptember2018–PresentIamworkingonthepaymentsystemforahighloadMediaprojectwithmillionsofusersperday.OurteamisresponsibleforallpaymentprocessingoperationsatDoclerholdingmainstreamingservices.
·Transformthebusinessrequirementsintodeployment/developmen ttaskswiththenextimplemen tation.·Leadingateamof1softwaredeveloper.
RefactoringLegacyCodeBase·Documen tandimplemen tingasolutionarchitectureforthefrontendpartofthepaymentsystemofhigh-volumecustomer-facingportalreducingtheTTM(time-to-market)by20%ensuringhighcodemaintainability .·Documen tcurrenthigh-levelsystemdataflowswhichresultina20%onboardingtimedecrease.Infrastructure·Implemen tedavisualtoolforgeneratingtheentrypointofourpaymentsystemwhichreducedtheamountoftimeneededformanualtestingby25%.·Implemen tedandlaunchedanEndtoEndtestingsystemconnectedtotheCI/CDpipelinewhichreducedtheamountoftimeneededformanualtestingby25%.
Other·Memberoftheon-callrotation;
OtherexperienceSoftwareEngineer -Frontend@DoclerHolding(2018-2019)·Front-enddevelopmen tprojectfocusedonstreaming.(Typescrip t,React.js,styled-componen ts.)
Full-stackWebengineer@BigDataFederation,Inc.(2017-2018)·Implemen tedandDeployedarichdashboar dapplicationfromscratchusedforshowingfinancialdatawithpredictions.·Ledateamof2frontendsoftwareengineer s.·Designedreusableuserinterfacecomponen tsinD3.js,React,andJavascriptES6.·WritingunittestsusingMochaandEnzyme.
Full-stackWebengineer@Leads-T radeSRL(2016-2017)·Front-endandBack-enddevelopmen tprojects.·Multi-Clien treal-timeWebSocketapplicationintegratedintoatoolforcapturingleads.
Full-stackWebengineer@FruitwareSRL(2014-2016)BuildingwebprojectsfromscratchwithWordPressCMS,Laravel,Opencart,andotheropen-sour cecontentmanagementsystems.Creatingfullyresponsiv ehtml5templatesfromprovideddesignsandintegratingthemincms.Education
Chisinau,RepublicofMoldovaAcademyofEconomicStudies2012-2016·Bachelor ’sdegreeinInformationTechnologies(IT),2012.Languag esandTechnologies:Typescrip t,Javascript,Node.js,D3.jsReact.js,Vue.js,PHP,Linux,Databases:MongoDB,MySQL.

191: Pavel Prysiazhniuk.pdf
Pavel
PrysiazhniukFRONTENDDEVELOPERLynnwood,WA—taaay.pr401@gmail.c om—(425)000-6524—Linkedin
SUMMARY
SkilledFrontEndengineerwith6yearsofexperienceinarchitecting,building ,anddeliveringscalablesolutionsinthefintech,e-commerce,andentertainmentindustries.Ihaveexpertiseincoaching ,mentoring,andinterviewingengineer s.I’mlookingforaprojectthatwillsolverealproblemsandwhereIcanseethevalueIbringtoclients.
EDUCATION
CollegeofServiceandDesignBilaTserkva,KyivOblastBachelor ’sdegreesinInformationTechnologySept.2012–June2015
MarkupcourseHTML&CSS,MUI,AntDesignJuly2016
IT-INCUBATORcourseReact,Redux,TypeScrip t,JavaScriptAugust2016
EXPERIENCE
AttractgroupLasVegas,NVFrontenddeveloperMay2019-Present
•Boostedweb-apprenderingtime2xusingServer-SideRendering. 
•Speduprenderingofdetectedobjectsintheplaymodeby30x(upto30fpswith5000detectedobjectsineachframe) 
•Improvedthevelocityofdisplayingdataoftrackedobjectinreal-timeby50% 
•Increasedtheaccuracyofaudioandvideoprocessingfrom100msupto17ms 
•CreatedanAPISDKwithdatanormaliz ationfor3platforms(Web,Mobile,Desktop)whichreducedtimetodevelopawebapplication4x. 
•Ago-topersoninthecompanyintheareaofServer-SideRendering. 
•BuiltasolutionforQAtoquicklytestondifferentusers,whichreducedtimetologinfrom1-2minto10sec. 
•Createdreusablecomponen tsforReactandReactNativeapps,whichreducedtimetodevelopamobileappby20-30%.
It-incubatorVilnius,LTMentorofstudentsApril2018-May2019
•Theprocessofidentifyingcommonmistakesamongstudentshasbeenoptimized,whichhasincreasedthespeedandlevelofpassingtesttasksby15%. 
•Developedmentoringandtrainingprograms 
•Implemen tednewapproachesandtechnologiesonthecompanylevel 
•Conflictresolution,problem-solving 
•TechnicalSupport&CodeReview
EsveritoKrakow,PLFrontenddeveloperMay2017-April2018Project:CRMforatourismcompany.Webandmobileappsforonlineticketsbooking.
•Performanceoptimizationfordisplayingandloadingcommentsandrepliesforavideostream. 
•Acceleratedworkandprocessingrequestsfromusers5timesforoperators,automatingworkprocesseswithinthecompanythroughthedevelopmen tofCRM.
TECHNOLOGIES
Languag es:JavaScript,TypeScrip t,NodeJSFrameworks/Libraries:React,NextJs,NestJs,D3.js,GraphQL,Axios,Apolloclient,ExpressStateManagers:Redux,GraphQL,ApolloclientManagementandDeployment:Git,Googlecloud,PostgreSQL,MongoDB,Redis,Amazonservices,Docker,Jenkins,GoogleAPI,DataDog,Elasticsearch,KibanaHTML/CSS:HTML&CSS,MUI,AntDesignTools/Utilities:PWA,NPM,SSG,RESTAPI,Websockets,Gulp/Webpack,Storybook,Cypress,Jesttesting,i18n,Stripe,PayPal,Square


192: Petr  Sudakov.pdf
Petr  Sudakov   EDUCATION Novosibirsk State University Novosibirsk, Russia Master in Mathematics Sep. 1999 – Jun. 2006 EXPERIENCE LocalLabs Remote work Senior Software Engineer Mar 2012 - Present ◦ Voters project: Data processing from raw into fully prepared standardized form for growing number of states. Follow up tasks to match people to different datasets and provide analytics per different areas. Improved previous matching rate by 12% and made it about 10x times faster on large datasets. ◦ Geocoder solution: I implemented server checking number of open data sources and already prepared data with fallback to paid services. The server uses state of the art address parsing and expanding libraries and provides caching for results. It sped up development and geocoding times significantly in number of other in-house projects. ◦ Customer churn project (Machine Learning): Predicting churn customers and suggesting steps how to prevent it plus corresponding metrics. It reduced customer churn by 10% in 2 months. BlockShopper Remote work Senior Software Engineer Jun 2009 - Aug 2011 ◦ Team lead of data processing team: the project is about real estate information. Data processing from raw state into fully prepared ready to sell and to use in another projects. It was done for both assessor and recorder data for growning number of counties. Also, it supported updates and tests to keep information accurate and up to date. It’s still a live project covering major part of US and earning money. Parallels Novosibirsk, Russia Senior Software Engineer Jun 2009 - Aug 2011 ◦ Team lead of support systems development/maintenance team: The company is one of the world leaders in hosting automation with number of products such as: Parallels Desktop, Virtuozzo, Plesk and etc. It has a big support team working 24/7. During over 2 years my team had kept the system up, made it faster and more featurefull. Thus, support team had kept their duty around o’clock. DataEast Novosibirsk, Russia Software Engineer Nov 2006 - Apr 2007 ◦ GEO server: I developed new plugin with number of GEO functions. It widened functionality of the server. SWSoft Novosibirsk, Russia Customer Relationship Manager, Software Engineer Aug 2005 - Sep 2006 ◦ CRM for HSPComplete product: I led number of customers since purchase date until going live with their fully configured and customized product. I got specifications for any custom feature requests from clients and if it wasn’t achivable via custom scripting processed it with development team in timely manner. ◦ Feature for HSPComplete product for Chinese market: I fully implemented special plugin to support Chinese government regulation rules related to web sites. It was a real blocker for China market after which product became available for a new country and many potential customers. NTONYX Novosibirsk, Russia Junior Software Engineer Sep 2004 - Dec 2004 ◦ Musical Software for Desktop (C++): I developed custom algorithm for music chords processing which satisfied and made happy number of customers requested this feature. PROJECTS   WWW FDW: Open source PostgreSQL extension, so-called Foreign Data Wrapper (FDW). It is a handler for PostgreSQL server which provides easy way to repesent different web services as a table data. PROGRAMMING SKILLS   Languages: Perl, Python, SQL, C++ 

193: Polina Gorbunova.pdf
PolinaGorbunova
BackendSoftwareEngineer
EXPERIENCE
TeacherAssistant,DeAnzaCollege;Cupertino,CaJanuary-May
2 0 1 9IwasateacherassistantforObjectOrientedAnalysisandDesign.Developed
ﬂowcharts,state/eventdiagrams,conceptualclassdiagrams.Tutoredstudentsindividuallyandingroups.
PROJECTS
MovieappPython,
2 0 2 1–UsedThemovieDBAPItofetchinformationonvariousmoviesbypopular,newlyreleased,searchrequests.–ImplementedthebackendCRUDoperationswithSQLiteforsavingmoviestowatch/watchedlist.–IncreasedtheloadingspeedbymultithreadingAPIrequeststodeliverhighqualitypostersformultiplemoviesfaster(from~
10secondsto~
2seconds).–Developedfrontendfeatures(gridandsliderformoviepresentation,bu onupdates)usingTkinter.
AndroidWeatherApplicationJAVA,
2 0 1 9–CreatedanAndroidWeatherAppreadingdatainJSONfromawebsite.–Incorporatedintheapptheoptionsofchangingthelocationtoshowtheweather.–TheapphasthefunctionalitytoopenGoogleMaps,copylocationtotheclipboardandshareinfoviamessage.
CursedZombieGame,TeamLeadof
6C
+ +,
2 0 1 9–ImplementedObjectOrienteddesigndevelopingthestructureofthegame.UsedSFMLlibrary.–Maintaineddetailedandaccuratenotesanddocumentationforvarioustasks.–GotthebestgameawardfortheCIS
29class.
BackendforacarstorewebAPIJAVA,
2 0 1 8–CreatedtheprojectthatimplementedCRUDoperationsforcardatabase.–ServerandclientsideoftheAPI(usingproxydesign).–Createdselfhealingcode,usedmultithreading,Tomcat.
EDUCATION
DeAnzaCollege;ComputerInformationScienceMajorGPA
3.
9 8
2 0 1 9-
2 0 2 1
SaintPetersburgStateUniversityofAerospaceInstrumentation;ManagementGPA
3.
7 2
2 0 1 1-
2 0 1 5-Bachelor’sDegree,graduatedwithHonors.
PUBLICATIONS
SystemdesignforchoosingalocationforopeningaretailstoreusingMATLABFuzzyLogicmodule.Apr
1 3,
2 0 1 5
SKILLS
Python,matplotlib,numpy,pandas,BeautifulSoup,JupyterNotebook,tkinterJava,Tomcat,JavaEE,Eclipse,AndroidStudio,JDBC,JSP,CoreJava),C
++,STL,DBs,SQL,SQLite,PostgreSQL,JSON,regex,HTML,CSS,UNIX/LINUX/iOS/MacOS/Windows(CLI),Git.
Elmsfordct.,Cupertino,Ca
95014(
916)
000
88
83polina78.gorbunov a@yahoo.comh ps://www.linkedin.com/in/pol-gorbun/h ps://github.com/Gorbunov a


194: Renat Ivanov.pdf
RenatIVANOV
SeniorSoftwareEngineerMoscow+7-999-000-4786renat@gmail.comlinkedin.com/in/renatExperience
SberbankPJSCJune2018–presentSeniorSoftwareEngineerMoscow,Russia
•Addressedanumberoflegalissuesbydevelopingfromscratchandlaunchingaservicetocontrolactionswithvarioustypesofuserconsents.Designedtheservicetobeusablefromothercompany’smicroservicesandfront-endwidgets.
•Increasedthespeedofthesensitivemortgagecasesby50%byimplementing,shippingandsupportingtheservicesthatautomatetheprocess.Utilisedmessage-drivenarchitecturetoprovidehighavailabilityandreliability.
•Prototyped,organized,andledthedevelopmentofanETL-basedadvisorysystemtotrackskillsofengineersinthecompany,busfactoroftheirteams,andothermetrics.Thesystemimprovedinvolvementofengineers,devleadsandCTOinthedevelopmentprocess.
•Createdaperformancetestingprocessfromscratch.Itisusedtosimulatetheexpectedloadandthustokeepourservices99.99%availableduringpeakload.SuccessfullycombinedjMeter,APM,cloudandmonitoringtoolstoreachthegoal.
•CurateddevelopmentofthecorporateportalJavateam,appliedmicroservicesapproachtodelivernewfeaturesfasterandsafer.Mentored2back-enddevelopers.
•Collaboratedwithback-end&front-enddevelopersofotherteamstodesignRESTAPIcontracts.CommunicateddirectlywithCTOandTeamLeaders,workedwithfeedback.Appliedcleancode/architecturebestpracticesonwork.
Sberbank-TechnologiesJSCOctober2015–June2018LeadingSoftwareEngineerMoscow,Russia
•Eliminatedpossibilitiesoffraudandsavedcompanymillionsofrublesbyintroducingblockageofworkingfromtwowindows.Fixedsecurityissuesbyupdatingtheencryptionlibrary.
•Implementedindividualcurrencyconversionandinterestratesfeatures,thatattractedhundredsofnewcustomersandincreasedloyaltyofexistingones.GainedexperiencewithEnterpriseSerialBusarchitectureforintegrationwithothersystems.
•BoostedoveralldevelopmentproductivitybyextractingaservicefromthemonolithicapplicationwithsupportofadedicatedDBanddistributedtransactionssupport.
•SuccessfullymigratedfunctionalityoftheDepositsubsystemoftheBankOfficesandOnlineBankingsystemstomicroservicesachieving30%fasterfeaturedelivery.Analyzed,andfixedbugsandincidentsonbothfront-endandback-end.
•Spedupthedevelopmentlifecyclebyatleast20%anddecreasedthenumberofbugsbyintroducinggit-flowwithmandatorycodereviewandKotlinintotheproject.Co-authored,supported,andadvocatedtheteamagreementofarchitecture,APIdesigning,andcodestyle.
•Interviewedover30candidatesforJavadeveloperposition.Onboarded,andmentored3newhires.
AVP-TechnologyLLCOctober2014–June2015SoftwareEngineerMoscow,Russia
•Addednewfeatures,foundandfixedbugs,refactoredmorethan200000linesofunstructuredanddifficult-to-maintainlegacycode.Updatedandstructuredtheprojectdocumentation.Open-RetailLLCJune2013–March2014WebDeveloperMoscow,Russia
•Developedandlaunched3Internetshoppingwebsites.
•CreatedapackagesolutionforaCMSe-commercewebsitesconsistedofcross-platformmobileappanditsback-end.Education
Peoples’FriendshipUniversityOfRussiaSeptember2011–July2013Master’sDegreeinControlinTechnicalSystemsMoscow,Russia
•A3rd-degreediplomawasreceivedforwinningthecontestwithapapercalled”Cloudcomputingforsolvingcontrolproblemswiththehelpofnetworkoperatormethod”
Peoples’FriendshipUniversityOfRussiaSeptember2007–July2011Bachelor’sDegreeinAutomationandControlMoscow,Russia
TechnicalSkills
Languages,frameworks:Java,Kotlin,Spring,Micronaut,MERNMonitoring:Grafana,InfluxDB,PrometheusPersistence:PostgreSQL,MySQL,MongoDB,JOOQ,JPA,JDBCBuild,tools:Maven,Gradle;Git,IntelliJIDEAIntegration:Feign,RestTemplate,RabbitMQ,IBMMQCI/CD,Testing:Jenkins,Docker,K8S;JUnit,Mockito

195: Safronov Leonid.pdf


196: SEMEN BOKUN.pdf
• Budniak	Ivan	Software	Engineer	with	significant	competitive	programming	experience		Email:	budniakkkk@yandex.by		Mobile:	+375	(44)	543-11-11			EDUCATION	Belarusian	State	University	in	Informatics	and	Radioelectronics	Minsk,	Belarus	Bachelor’s	degree	in	Computer	Science	September	2017	—	Expected	2021	Yandex	School	of	Data	Analysis	Moscow,	Russia	Master’s	level	program,	Machine	Learning	development	track	September	2019	—	Expected	2021	Relevant	courses:	Probability	and	Statistics,	Machine	Learning,	Computer	Vision,	Natural	Language	Processing,	Deep	Learning,	Reinforcement	Learning,	Python,	C++,	GoLang,	Algorithms	and	Data	Structures,	BigData,	Parallel	and	Distributed	Computations		WORK			EXPERIENCE	Deltix	(Bought	by	EPAM	Systems	at	january	2020)	Minsk,	Belarus	Software	Engineer	August	2018	–	Present	Developed	a	system	for	integration	with	various	top	crypto-custodies	for	crypto-trading	platform	used	by	hundreds	of	thousands.	• Created	a	service	for	secure	interacting	with	any	Ethereum	tokens. • Fixed	major	issues	of	crypto-trading	platform	high	loaded	module. • Built	a	tool	for	crypto-trading	platform	stress-testing. Mogilev	State	Regional	Institute	for	Education	Development	Mogilev,	Belarus	Competitive	Programming	Mentor	Febrary,	March	2018&2019	• Preparing	students	of	Mogilev	region	for	the	National	Olympiad	in	Informatics.	Many	of	them	were	awarded. PROJECTS	JPEG	decoder:	Baseline	sequential	mode	of	JPEG	decoder,	written	in	C++	using	OOP	and	various	algorithms	such	as	Huffman	decoding.	Ukrainian-Russian	translator:	Written	in	Python	with	Sklearn	library,	using	embedding	space	mapping	with	optimal	transformation	derived	from	SVD	decomposition.	Used	public	dataset	with	1M	word	pairs.	LightBulbChan:	Student	assistant	in	the	form	of	a	multifunctional	telegram	bot.	Uses	various	APIs	to	help	students	prepare	for	classes.	AWARDS	ACM	ICPC,	NEERC	ICPC	Saint-Petersburg,	Russia	—	December,	2017	• Competition	in	sports	programming	among	teams	of	universities	of	the	North	Eastern	Europe,	Western	Subregion • III	degree	award	(2017,	81/244	place) ACM	ICPC,	Belarus	and	Baltics	Regional	Contest	Minsk,	Belarus	—	October,	2017&2018	• Competition	in	sports	programming	among	teams	of	universities	of	the	North	Eastern	Europe,	Western	Subregion • III	degree	award	(2019,	18/57	place) • II	degree	award	(2017,	8/57	place) Individual	Olympiad	in	Informatics	and	Programming	Saint-Petersburg,	Russia	—	March	2017	• Programming	competition	among	schoolchildren	of	Belarus,	Russia	and	Kazakhstan • I	degree	award	(10/180	place) Belarusian	National	Olympiad	in	Informatics	Belarus	—	March	2015&2016&2017	• II	degree	award	(2017,	12/123	place) • II	degree	award	(2016,	12/120	place) • III	degree	award	(2015,	39/118	place) Top	3%	on	Codeforces	—	ednotdead	Top	2%	on	Hackerrank	—	Ed_Os	• 
• • • 

197: Semen Ivanov.pdf
S
EMEN
I
VANOV
Moscow,Russia·+99856990099E m a i l :s e m e n I v a n o v 5 4 @ g m a i l . c o m·l i n k e d i n . c o m / i n / s e m e n I v a n o v 6 5
I
am
a
Cyber
Security
specialist
with
five
years
of
experience
in
Penetration 
Testing,
Security
Architecture
and
Computer
Forensics.
Currently
I
am
working 
as
a
Security
Analyst
for
ORG.
My
role
involves
security
assessment
and 
penetration
testing
processes. 
The
main
responsibilities
of
my
role
include: 
●ThreatIntelligenceanalysisservices;
●Analyticalsupportofinformationsecurityassessment;
●Preparingpenetrationtestingandwebapplicationsecurityassessmentreports;
●CollaborationwithCustomertopresentresultsandrecommendations;
●DevelopingvariousscriptsinPythontoimprovedepartmentworkflows. 
I
am
an
OSCP
(Offensive
Security
Certified
Professional)
holder
and
currently 
passing
the
‘Advance
web
attack
exploitation
course’
by
Offensive
Security
team
to 
obtain
OSWE
(Offensive
Security
Web
Expert).
In
addition,
I
have
experience
in 
the
Security
System
Architecture
development
for
customers
based
on
outlined 
client
requirements
(most
of
them
based
on
Russian
law
(GDPR)). 
I
consider
myself
to
be
a
focused
and
enthusiastic
young
person
with
strong 
organizational
and
people
skills.
My
hobbies
are
hiking,
cycling
and
other
sports 
activities.
In
my
current
team
I
have
implemented
a
hiking
program
for
team 
building
purposes.
E
XPERIENCE
S
EP
2018
-
P
RESENT
(2
YEAR
10
MONTHS
+) 
S
ECURITY
A
NALYST
,
ORG
As
a
Security
Analyst,
I
work
closely
with
infrastructure
and
web
application 
penetration
teams.
I
participate
in
security
assessment
and
penetration 
testing
projects.
The
role
includes: 
●ProvidingThreatIntelligenceanalysisservices;
●Analyticalsupportofinformationsecurityassessment;
●Preparingpenetrationtestingandwebapplicationsecurityassessmentreports;
●DevelopingvariousscriptsinPythontoautomateroutinejobs.
J
UL
2017
-
S
EP
2018
(1
YEAR
3
MONTHS
) 
C
YBER
S
ECURITY
A
RCHITECT
,
ORG
As
a
Security
Architect,
I
developed
security
system
architecture
for 
customers
based
on
the
outlined
requirements
(most
of
them
based
on 
Russian
law
(GDPR)).
My
main
responsibilities
included: 
●Developmentofsecuritysystemarchitectureforcustomers;
●Preparationoftechnicalandcommercialproposals,calculationofspecifications;
●OrganizingworkshopswithclientstoassistwithidentificationoftheirbusinessneedsintermsofprovidingtheappropriateInformationSecurity;
●DesigningandImplementingvulnerabilitymanagementprocesses;●PreparingandimplementingInside/Outsideinformationsecurityauditsincludingweb,Wi-Fi,infrastructureetc. 
In
2018,
I
was
involved
in
the
Standoff
game
on
Positive
Hack
Days 
conference
with
team
SVR
(defenders’
side).
M
AY
2016
-
N
OV
2016
(7
MONTHS
) 
F
ORENSIC
S
PECIALIST
,
ORG
(
CONTRACT
R
OLE
)
As
part
of
this
role
I
was
responsible
for: 
●TheforensictechnologyservicesandwasinvolvedinalargefraudinvestigationFCPA(ForeignCorruptPracticesAct);
●EngagementintheCIS(CommonwealthofIndependentStates)andEuropeasapartoftheFraudInvestigationteam. 
These
engagements
typically
involved
imaging
of
computers
and
servers, 
data
recovery,
processing
and
analysis.
J
AN
2015
-
D
EC
2015
(1
YEAR
) 
FORENSIC
SPECIALIST,
ORG
The
main
duties
of
this
role
included: 
●ForensicinvestigationtechniciansupportinfraudinvestigationforabigindustrialcompanyfocusingonthefullcomplexofalleDiscoveryprocessesandrelatedprocedures;
●ParticipationinpreparationofnotarizedelectronicevidenceforRussiancivilcourt;
●Assistanceincreationandpreparationofinfrastructureforremotesecurereviewofevidenceforinternationalinvestigation;
●Co-CreatorofForensictechnologylaboratoryfocusingonsustainability,buildinganddevelopmentoftheTeam,designingandsettinguptheforensictechnologysolutionsdatacenterwiththeeDiscoveryandcomputerforensicsoftwareandhardware.
A
UG
2007
-
J
UN
2008
(11
MONTHS
) 
T
ECHNICAL
S
ERVICES
E
NGINEER
,
ORG
Full
life-cycle
of
warranty
service
for
Servers,
PC,
Laptops
&
peripheral 
devices.
The
role
included: 
●Communicationwiththeclient;
●IdentifyingissueinPC,Serverorperipheraldevices;
●Repairingwarrantydevicesandinstallingtherequestedsoftware.
E
DUCATION
2008
-
2014 
S
PECIALIST
D
IPLOMA
,
NNN
S
TATE
T
ECHNICAL
U
NIVERSITY
Informatics
and
Control
Systems
Department,
Information
Security
Chair. 
Average
score
is
4.5
out
of
5
D
EC
2013
-
M
AY
2014
(6
MONTHS
) 
ORG
Final
internship
in
Org
Company:
Responsible
for
Imaged
devices
with
FTK 
Imager
software,
UFED
and
Tableau
Write-Blockers
devices.
Forensically 
analyzed
disk
images
with
EnCase
software
for
illegal
actions
or
activities
22004
-
2008 
D
IPLOMA
OF
S
ECONDARY
V
OCATIONAL
,
C
OLLEGE
OF
R
ADIO
-E
LECTRONICS
Computer
Systems
Networking
and
Telecommunications
Chair
S
KILLS
●PenetrationTestingwithKaliLinux 
●Threat&VulnerabilityManagement 
●Python&Bashscripting 
●SecurityArchitectureDesign 
●
Network
Security
●BurpSuite 
●Metasploitframework 
●CheckmarxSAST 
●Microsoftproducts 
●
Knowledge
of
Jira
and
Conﬂuence
C
ERTIFICATIONS
●OffensiveSecurityCertifiedProfessional(O S C P)-OffensiveSecurity.CertificateID:OS-XXXXXX
●CheckPointCertifiedSecurityAdministrator(C C S A)-CheckPointSoftwareTechnologies,Ltd.IssuedFeb2018-ExpiresFeb2020CertificateID:XXXXXXXX
●CertifiedSpecialistofMaxPatrolvulnerabilityscanner-PositiveTechnologiesIssuedOct2017-ExpiresFeb2019CertificateID:XXXXXX
P
UBLICATION
DigitalFootprintIntelligenceReport
(
в
оригинальном
резюме
кликабельна
)
3

198: Serj Mkrtchyan.pdf
 Serj Mkrtchyan Worldwide (Remote)      serj.onllll@gmail.com  Summary I am an engineer with very wide range of knowledge, who loves interesting tasks. Always ready to dive into new technology/language if it perfectly suits.  Backend: SQL, Python, Golang Databases: PostgreSQL, Redis, IBM db2 Experience Software Engineer RASSE (I-Teco Group) Sep 2017 - Present (3 years 2 months +) Developed system of government inspections.  Technologies: SQL, PL/SQL, Python, Golang, Java, docker, ETL, bash, git, db2, PostgreSQL, Redis, Elasticsearch, CI/CD, Ansible  Key Achievements: - Expanded system functionality by the terms of reference - Gained perfomance and reduced application load by adding several services to monolith - Gained system perfomance by optimizing SQL-queries & procedures - Designed APIs architecture and developed services - Designed architecture of database and entity relations - Made system more stable by resolving locks and deadlocks - Coordinated works with team lead - Successfully migrated all data between old version of system and new one - Successfully made 15 releases - Integrated with several external systems - Automated common routines - Worked with rare products like IBM db2, IBM Websphere, AIX, Jython - Defended against hacker attack  Database Developer Elar corporation Jun 2016 - Aug 2017 (1 year 3 months) I developed and maintained retro-conversion projects (data recognition of old archives, like First World War archive and Second World War archives) http://podvignaroda.ru  Technologies: SQL, T-SQL, VBA, MSSQL, MSAccess, MySQL, ETL 
 Key Achievements: - Several finished projects of data recognition - Increased accuracy of data by creating vba scripts - Increased efficiency of project by integrating dictionaries, T-SQL procedures, special functions etc.    iOS Developer Custom project Aug 2015 - Oct 2015 (3 months) As a university project, I've made an iOS application for dating with locations of every user near you.  Technologies: Objective-C, MapKit, Layout Containers, MySQL, php Key Achievements: Finished application    Web Developer Custom projects Oct 2013 - Mar 2014 (6 months) As a freelancer I created several websites, mostly landings. My responsibility was everything listed in statement of work. Most often: frontend, minor backend changes, server settings  Technologies: HTML, CSS, JQuery, php Key Achievements: Developed websites with adaptive design as from scratch as working with WordPress  Education   Moscow State University of Economics, Statistics and Informatics (MESI) Bachelor's degree 2011 - 2015  Skills SQL • Python • Go (Programming Language) • PostgreSQL • Redis • Architecture • IBM Db2 


199: Stanislav Gavrilov.pdf
StanislavGavrilov
Montreal,CanadaEmail:mraaaagavrilov@gmail.comMobile:+1-000-931-7854LinkedIn:aaaygavrilov
EXPERIENCE
•UbisoftMontreal,Canada OnlineDeveloperSep2019-Present
Developmentandoperations(DevOps)ofCloud-NativebackendRESTfulwebservicesonAWSthatscaleinthecloudandthatarehitbymillionsofuserseveryday(hundredsofthousandsofconcurrentusersperservice).FromAPIDesign,Implementation,ContinuousDeliveryandMaintenancetoSupport.Workingwithmultipledistantteamstoachieveacommongoal.
◦Reducedlegacycodebaseby20%bymigratingoldmonolithiccoreservicetoruninthecloud.
◦Builtaninternaltoolaboutshadow-testingthatreducedthenumberofproductionissues.(C#,Python)ExperiencedwithresourceprovisioningonAWSusingdifferenttechniques,includingCloudFormationTemplateandTroposphere/Sceptre.DevelopedtoolingthathandlesaccountsdatamigrationfromMSSQLtoAWSAurora,whichleadtosavingatleast30minutes/dayperteammember.(Python,Bash,AWS)
•ContractorMunich,Germany LeadSoftwareEngineer2018-2019DevelopmentbackendRESTfulwebserviceofafitnessclassbookingsysteminGo.Tookownershipofaprojectshortlybeforethereleaseandmanagedtomeetallthedeadlines.ExperiencedwithDocker,andmultipledatabases,includingMongoDB(OnPremandDigitalOcean),PostgreSQL,fromthedevelopmentandperformanceoptimizationtooperations.ExperiencedwithpaymentworkflowsusingStripeaswellasclientpassportimplementation.(Go,PostgresSQL,JavaScript)Experiencedwithethereumblockchainnetwork,developingsmartcontractsusingSolidityforinsurancepolicycontracts.SinglydevelopedfromscratchafullworkingGobasedalowlatency/highthroughputweb-chatontopofgorilla-WebSocketsdecoratedwithadistributedcachelayerforreadheavyparts.(Go,PostgreSQL,Redis)
•AutoScout24Munich,Germany SeniorSoftwareEngineerOct2018-Sep2019Developmentofbackendevent-drivenmicroservicesontopofScala,AkkaandKafkaandthatarehitbymillionsofuserseverydayacrossEurope(hundredsofthousandsofconcurrentusersperservice).CreatedCI/CDworkflowutilizingPython,Shell,ontopofJenkins.(Scala,Bash,AWS,Kafka)Reducedlegacycodebaseby30%bymigratingoldmonolithicwebservicetoevent-drivenmicroservicearchitectureontopofScala,Akka,andKafka.ImprovedavailabilitybyintroducingmonitoringandalertingsolutionswithDataDogandOpsGenie.ReducedamortizationcostofAWSinfrastructurebyimplementingaseparateKafkaprocessorthatisresponsibleforsoft-cleanupoftheorphanimages.(Scala,Kafka,S3,DynamoDb)ImplementedtoolingthathandlesAWSscenarios(SSMparameters,assumingroles,etc.)whichleadtosavingatleastanhour/weekperteammember.(Bash,Go,AWS)
•CarlZeissMicroscopyGmbHMunich,Germany SoftwareEngineerBApr2017-Sep2018Helpedandonboardednewhires,createdshort-term,andlong-termgoalsandsupportedthemalongthewayImprovedfail-safebyfixingmemoryleakscausingthecrashofthesoftwarewhiletryingtoimporthigh-resolutionsnaps.Reducedtimeneededtofinalizeanexperimentbyintroducingadigitalsignatureleadtosavingtimeforinter-departmentcommunication.(Python,C#)Fixedmorethan25bugsoverayeartimeframewhileanalyzingtheCarlZeissimagesegmentationandreportingengine.Migratedlegacygrainsegmentationalgorithmintothenewmoderntechnologies.(C++)
•CongreeLanguageTechnologiesGmbHKarlsbad,Germany SoftwareDeveloperApr2014-Mar2017
◦Achievedatleast30%codequalityimprovementbyintegratingastatic-codeanalyzerwithSonarQube.
Accomplishedscalabilityandfail-safeimprovementbyimplementingathinRESTlayerontopoflanguage-checkservice.Improvedperformancebyatleast40%byaddingacachelayerforread-heavypartsofthesystem.(Java,C#)Speedupdocumentcheckby15%byimplementinganewCongreeAPIandmigratingalltheexistingeditor-pluginstoit.(Java,C#,C++)Developedrobusttoolingthathandlesmanytestscenarios&enablesautomateddeploymentintestenv,reducingtime-to-testfromweekstodays(JavaScript,Java,VmwarevSphere).Reduceddeploymenttimebyalmost80%byimplementingadistributeddeploymentsystem,leadingtosaving30%oftimespentbysolutionspecialistsonthecustomerside.(JavaScript,C#)
•Andera,Inc.Providence,RI,USA SoftwareDeveloper-remotelyfromRussiaJun2011-May2013BulkratesprocessingandimporttoolfromCSVtoOracleandprovidescommandinterfaceontopforschedulingdataprocessing.AlsocreatedastrategyforsavingrateshistorytoFTPandSFTPservers.(C#)Webapplicationusedbyonlineaccountopeningsystemforfinancialinstitutions.Involvedinfeaturessuchasdeliverytimeoptimization,tracking,queuing,andtesting.Designedandimplementedanoverviewdashboardforthemulti-branchfinancialinstitutions.(JavaScript)
EDUCATION
•TomskPolytechnicUniversity MasterofScienceinComputerScience
•TomskPolytechnicUniversity BachelorofScienceinComputerScience
SIDEPROJECTS
•gochat(inprogress)Golangbasedweb-chatontopofgorilla-websocketsdecoratedwithacachelayer(Go,Redis, PostgresSQL,gRPC)


200: STEPAN GOLDOBIN.pdf
STEPANGOLDOBIN 27 years old E X P E R I E N C E  UI/UX DESIGNER / FRONTEND   | Clearscale (AWS Partner), USA    09.2019 - now Rare unicorn. Working with: React, Angular, Ember, GraphQL, Node.js, Express. Also making UX/UI design and graphic design.  UI/UX DESIGNER / FRONTEND   | QIWI, Moscow 05.2019 - 09-2019 Developed a service for companies, as a “Kickstarter”, but for banks/startups. Created UX/UI design and a frontend part (React).   UI/ UX Designer UI/UX DESIGNER / FRONTEND   | Evercity, Moscow 09.2018 - 05.2019 Frontend Developer Motion Designer I have developed UI/UX and prototypes for the web service. Creating front end visualisation in React.js Made a more iterative development process with ﬂexible course change.  UI/UX DESIGNER / FRONTEND   | MSTlab24, St.Petersburg 03.2017 - 09.2019 My name is Anton and I am a cross-functional specialist with UI / UX and Frontend skills. With a lot of experience in SCRUM methodology, I develop in several spheres: Development of UI/UX of mobile and web applications for internal BTB products. Experience using Haml/Sass/Vuejs for developing web applications and landing pages Manual and Automated Testing. I also created a library with a UI-web-kit - http://mandragora.mstdev.ru/  UI/UX DESIGNER / FRONTEND   | MyPocketGirls, Moscow 06.2017 - 01.2018 Development of user interfaces for the mobile game "MyPocketGirls", game design of mini-games.   C O N T A C T UI/UX DESIGNER / FRONTEND   | Dbrain, Moscow 09.2017 - 02.2018 I developed designs for an AI service, implemented mock-ups for a landing page in HTML/CSS.  UI/UX DESIGNER  |  04.2016 - 04.2017 dribbble.com/Goldobinnnnn https://github.com/Goldobinnnnn App-labs, St.Petersburg Development of layouts for android and IOS applications and web services, prototypes, animations. Quality control development. Web development department management.  UI/UX DESIGNER |  06.2015 - 04.2016 + 7 952 224 61 11  7224511111@mail.ru Startup, St.Petersburg Development of design and application logic for reading product information on the barcode and selection of instructions to it.  GRAPHIC   DESIGNER | 06.2012 - 06.2015  St. Petersburg Russia Truck Studio, Naberezhnye Chelny Responsible for handling all printable media: from leaﬂets up to 10m banners, laser cutting and engraving, plotter cutting, mock-up development and layout.   S K I L L S  SOFTWARE  PACKAGES Sketch Figma Adobe Photoshop Adobe Illustrator Adobe After Effects Art skill LANGUAGE & FRAMEWORKS HTML/CSS Javascript Vue.js React.js Angular.js Node.js   E D U C A T I O N  NAB. CHELNY ART SCHOOL #2 Artist 2004 - 2009 At art school I learned drawing skills, that still help me STATE INSTITUTION “KAMI” Lawyer 2011 - 2012 At the law school I studied the necessary knowledge in terms of the law  MUNICIPAL EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION "INTERSCHOOL TRAINING COMPLEX" Computer operator 2007 - 2009 I learned different programs such as Adobe Photoshop, Adobe After Effects, Flash  L A N G U A G E EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION "TECHNICAL COLLEGE "V.D.POTASHOVA" Industrial system programmer Honor degree 2009 - 2011 I gained programming skills for metalworking machines. Also worked with Zeiss precision measuring machines.  RUSSIAN Native speaker ENGLISH Upper Intermediate Hello again! Glad to see you on the second page  A B O U T   HACKATONS  I have an overall design experience of over 7 years. I have experience working under various conditions in different environments.  I have been a web developer for the past 2 years. At my current job, I developed a library with a design system using Vue.js  I work on projects using technology stacks like Rails+VueJs and Rails+ReactJs.  TECHNOLOGY  STACKS  Design Adobe Photoshop CC, Sketch, Figma, CorelDraw, Illustrator, Invision, After Effects  UI development and front-end JS, VueJS, ReactJs, AngularJs, EmberJs, GraphQL, HTML / CSS, SCSS and similar preprocessors, Webpack  Backend development NodeJs, GraphQL, Express, Mongoose  Testing Cucumber, Capibara, Jira, Kaiten  STRENGTHS  • Cross-functional - I'm Ideal for scrum teams. I've worked with agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban). • I am social. I love new acquaintances and communication. • Can train other people and monitor the progress of tasks. • I am a team player with a systematic approach who can juggle multiple projects at the same time. • Like to stretch your wings across user research, split testing, user experience and product design. • Think about the most common devices. • Have some experience with conversional driven design and split testing. • Comfortable working on multiple projects at a time of taking ownership. • Ability to prioritize projects, communicate progress and deliver on time. • Passion for identifying and solving real user problems.  SKILLS  • Create various kinds of animations using Adobe After Effect. • Sketch to create pixel-perfect design. • Programming in JavaScript, work with libraries and read documentations. • Good foundation in Vue.js and React.js, I can independently carry out small tasks and help other developers. • QA – Manual and automated testing (cucumber + capibara). • Rapid prototyping in Figma and Sketch. • Knowledge of typography, information design and modular grids. • Experience in teamwork, remote development, experience in negotiations and presentations, experience in the position of art director. • I follow current trends in web development and UI designs. Static, rubber, adaptability. • Knowledge and experience in Pre-press and Printing. Experience with printing houses. Order and control of circulation. • Knowledge of GitHub/GitLab – comfortably.   P R O G R E S S   HACKATONS  • Member of the Open Fight hackathon ﬁnalist team from OPEN Bank.  • Member of the hackathon winners team from the St. Petersburg Polytechnic Institute.  • Member of the hackathon ﬁnalist team Budapest Hackjunction’18.  • Member of the Hackathon winners team Energy Blockchain Hack. 

201: Vadim Bozhenko.pdf
 
 Main skills Python 2/3, Golang, Bash, Linux/Unix, git, gitflow, Ansible Secondary skills C/C++, Ruby, PHP, JS, Java 8+, SQL/NoSQL DBs Python frameworks Django, Flask, SQLAlchemy, Asyncio, Celery, pytest Linux Distributions Ubuntu 14.04+, Debian 8+, SLES 12+, CentOS 6+ Databases and key-value storages PostgreSQL, MySQL/MariaDB, MongoDB, Redis Windows knowledge Windows Server 2012+, Windows 7+, Active Directory management, Samba (SMB/CIFS) Containers and virtualization technologies Docker, Kubernetes, LXC, KVM, QEMU CI/CD tools Azure DevOps, Gitlab CI, Jenkins Misc. utilities Zabbix, Postfix, maintaining package repositories  SKILLS 
          
 Vadim Bozhenko Location:  Haifa, Israel Email:  caudadragojjj@gmail.com      
     
 
English Upper-Intermediate/B2 Russian Native/C2 Ukrainian Native/C2 Hebrew Beginner/A2 
 custom cloud services and using SecureBoot • Jira  03/2018 – 08/2019, 03/2020 - Present Software Developer/DevOps, Cybervision (USA), Kyiv Ukraine, In-office/Remote Responsibilities: • Developing application for installing custom Hadoop distro on hundreds of servers (Java, Python, Bash, Ansible) • Migration to Python 3 while having option to run code with Python 2.6+ • Improving product integration for AWS, GCP and Azure • Developing custom Ansible modules, improving existing • Writing internal documentation • Tests and general refactoring • Jira 07/2017 – 03/2018 Software Developer/System Administrator, BitBullCapital (CA, USA), Remote Responsibilities: • Data extraction from various blockchain APIs (Python) • Data normalization for MongoDB/Relation DBs • Creating and maintaining infrastructure in AWS (Windows and Linux) • Bash programming 10/2016 – 07/2017 Software Developer/System Administrator, ABC holding ltd (Poland), Kyiv Ukraine, Remote Responsibilities: • Developing a hosting panel in Python 2/3 • Migration to Python 3 • Hardening Linux server, Kernel tuning • Configuring mail servers • Maintaining a Debian repository • Developing CI/CD tools in Python/Bash • Redmine 01/2016 – 10/2016 System Administrator, Softico (Ukraine), Kyiv Ukraine, In office Responsibilities: • Maintaining existing on-site infrastructure • Developing service tools in Python • Maintaining VPN, internals Windows servers, websites        
   
 Citizenship Ukraine Residency Israel Work permit Israel, Ukraine 
 

202: Vadim Brezovsky.pdf
  Vadim Brezovsky  Java Software Developer   Summary  • Experience in commercial software development - 1 year as Java developer. • Have 4 months of remote work experience. • Practical work with Python, Bash and SQL. • Good work in team. Easy to learn. Admirable analytical skills.  Skills  • Java: Spring Framework (Boot, MVC, Data), Gradle, Maven, Hibernate, JUnit. • JavaScript: React, npm. • Databases: SQL (SQLite, PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server). • Other skills: Linux (primary OS), Git, AWS, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Jenkins, Bash, Python.  Employment  • STiM (Nov 2019 - Present) ◦ Wialon Analytics – analytical system for cars sensors monitoring: ▪ Designed and implemented the system (both front and backend) from scratch. Technologies: Java, JavaScript, React, SQLite, MS SQL Server.  Awards and Initiatives  • Hackathon"#BRESTHACK2018"- 3rd place as a team member of 2 people: ◦ Developed product from scratch to MVP in a limited time (only 48h). ◦ Prepared and presented our product (experience with public speaking). • Brest Python Meetup (Feb 29, 2019) - co-organizer and speaker.  Languages  • English – B1 (Intermediate). • Russian – Native.  Education  • Brest State Polytechnic College - Mechanical Technical (2016 – 2020). 

203: Victor Ivaniushenko.pdf
Victor
Ivaniushenko
nbgtr.ivaniushenko@gmail.com
Linkedin
Education
LVIV
POLYTECHNIC
NATIONAL
UNIVERSITY
SEP
2019—JUN
2023
Computer
Science,
Artiﬁcial
Intelligence
—
Bachelor,
3rd
year
(GPA:
3.47
/
4)
Relevant
coursework:
Algorithms
and
Data
structures,
Linear
Algebra,
Statistics
and
Probability,
Calculus,
Databases,
Operating
Systems,
Computer
Architecture,
OOP
Experience
MEMBER
OF
NON-PROFIT
ORGANIZATION
BEST
LVIV
MAR
2020—PRESENT
Organizer
and
lector
of
BBC:
BEST
Beat
Course
2021
–
Reached
the
audience
through
the
webpage
I
created
using
React.js,
so
30
students
applied
to
the
course
–
Taught
participants
a
process
of
music
production
and
got
14
students
without
previous
experience
to
compose
a
track
Organizer
and
designer
of
BEST
Training
Week`9
–
Designed
and
developed
the
informational
website
for
students
to
apply
to,
so
106
participants
rated
the
project
as
9/10
on
average
and
project
design
as
4/5
Personal
Projects
DIGITAL
MENU
FOR
RESTAURANTS
WITH
ORDERS
MANAGEMENT
STARTUP
DEC
2021—NOV
2021
–
Designed
and
developed
menu
application
using
Django
&
PostgreSQL
for
backend
and
React.js
for
frontend
–
Containerized
with
Docker
and
described
AWS
infrastructure
with
Terraform
KEYBOARD
SAMPLER
SEP
2021
Turns
your
computer
keyboard
into
a
sampler
so
you
can
record
sound
for
each
key
–
Designed
and
developed
an
app
using
React.js
–
Implemented
CI/CD
pipeline
with
GitHub
Actions
using
Docker
ANNOUNCEMENT
SERVICE
REST
API
(COURSEWORK)
DEC
2020
–
Designed
and
implemented
RESTful
backend
with
user
management
using
Flask
for
message
board
Skills
Languages:
Python
/
JavaScript
/
SQL
/
Bash
Technologies:
Git
/
Docker
/
AWS
/
Terraform
/
React.js


204: Viktor Pavlenko.pdf
Viktor Pavlenko Senior Software Engineer  WORK EXPERIENCE Engineering Manager, Star Global - 01/2015 - present - Kyiv, Ukraine     +380976670000 Star is a global consultancy that delivers impactful technology products by connecting strategy, design and engineering. ⇢ Implemented and delivered assistant tool for automotive industry using Python, Flask, React, MySQL, AWS and Terraform. Joined from the middle of the project and turned it into fully scalable and reliable platform, increased performance of response and build time by 50%. ⇢ Created frontend side of a fuel delivery platform, managed team of 10 engineers(grew it from the zero). Integrated e2e and performance platform testing. Introduced React and React Native as a new stack and migrated legacy code to React and React Native. Built mobile delivery pipeline and publishing. ⇢ Created a platform to connect car owners to workshop in Express, Sequalize, MySQL, Google Cloud, GraphQL and React Native. Introduced integration testing for all used vendors which reduced amount of bugs by 15%. ⇢ Created a product to extend the functionality of the messenger service with a search engine, gallery and bots. Used Python, Django, Angular 2 to build fully scalable service. ⇢ Manage unit of backend engineers(50+), responsible for career development, project allocation and performance evaluation ⇢ Drive and develop company expertise in Node.js, React Native and Golang: give tech talks, run workshops, hire engineers ⇢ Build internal platform for performance evaluation, use NestJS, PostgreSQL, GraphQL and React to move quickly from proof of concept to a ready scalable product.  Software Engineer, Django Stars - 01/2013 - 01/2015 - Kyiv, Ukraine Django Stars provides startups and enterprises with Python development services ⇢ Implemented a mortgage advice platform using Python and Django. ⇢ Created a platform to join divers, used Python, Django and Tastypie.  Software Engineer, Diawest Telecom - 01/2011 - 01/2013 - Kyiv, Ukraine Local telecommunication company. ⇢ Created and maintained email subscription service, used Python, MySQL and Postfix ⇢ Implemented and maintained many customer facing infrastructure tools using Python. EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATES 2008 M.S. in Information Security, National Technical University of Ukraine “Igor Sikorsky Kyiv Polytechnic Institute” TECHNICAL SKILLS (8+ years): Python, Django, Flask and Git (4+ years): MySQL, PostgreSQL and Redis (3+ years): React, React Native, Redux, ES6 and Git. (2+ years): Nodejs, Express, Koa LANGUAGES English - Advanced Your native language - Russian 

205: Viktor Shupenka.pdf
Personal Information Name and Surname: Viktor Shupenka Date of Birth: 03.02.1987 Phone number: +37533691122225   Junior frontend developer, React  developer   Profile    Education 09.2004 - 05.2007  Web developer, at the start of my way, looking for a company in which there will be  an  opportunity to grow as a very good specialist.     MGPK, Maladechna, Belarus Electrician  technician  Experience 04.2009 - present      12.2019 - present    Construction and assembly organizations Technical worker, builder   The whole range of construction and electrical work  Self-education Frontend developer, React developer Create React apps, SPA, functional components, class components, interactions between components, HOC, work with Context API, Fetch, Axios, Redux  Skills Personality    HTML, CSS, JS - basic     React, Redux, Context API, Hooks     Figma, Zeplin, Adobe Photoshop - basic     Self- learning    Creativity    Responsibility    Organized  Languages Software  English - B1 Intermediate Russian - Native Figma - basic Zeplin - basic Adobe Photoshop -    basic  Hobbies   Technology   Music   Reading      I agree that m y personal data will be processed in order to recruit for the position I am applying for. 


206: VLADIMIR MATVEEV.pdf
Moscow,	Russia	Open	to	relocate	Visa	sponsorship	required	VLADIMIR	MATVEEV	CTO	/	Software	Engineer	/	Tech	Lead	matv11v@gmail.com		+7	995	0998	000	 		PERSONAL	SUMMARY		Entrepreneurial-spirited	software	engineer	with	over	15	years	of	experience	mostly	in	web	development	(using	Microsoft.NET	technologies	stack).	10+	years	career	as	a	software	engineer,	team	lead	and	senior	developer.	5+	years	as	a	software	project	manager	and	CTO	in	a	startup,	managing	team	of	15.	Broad	expertise	in	IT,	full	project	lifecycle	management,	client/vendor	relationship	management	and	financial/operational	management.				TECHNICAL	SKILLS			Languages	C#;	JavaScript;	T-SQL;	LINQ;	HTML;	CSS;	ES6+	Technologies	and	Frameworks	.NET,	.NET	Core;	ASP.NET	Core,	ASP.NET	MVC;	ASP.NET	ASP.NET	Web	Forms;	jQuery;	Angular;	React;	Vue;	SOA/REST/Web	Services;	SignalR;	Selenium;	ADO.NET;	Entity	Framework;	Bootstrap	Databases	Microsoft	SQL	Server;	MongoDB;	Redis;	My	SQL;	TimescaleDB	Source	Control	Git;	TFS;	SVN	Methodology	Scrum;	Kanban;	Lean;	TDD	Platforms	Windows	Server;	IIS			Virtualization	&	Cloud		Windows	Azure;	Amazon	Web	Services		Tools	VSTS;	ReSharper;	JMeter;	TeamCity;	YouTrack;	MS	Visual	Studio;	Visual	Studio	Code			WORK	EXPERIENCE				Founder	and	CTO	Sep	2019	—	Current	Glomad	—	glomad.net	 The	Glomad.net	was	launched	in	early	2020.	Our	mission	is	to	promote	the	idea	of	free	movement	with	the	ability	of	remote	work	and	online	entrepreneurship.	The	purpose	of	Glomad	is	to	provide	services	for	remote	workers,	travelers	and	digital	nomads.	The	first	demo	version	is	launched	on	January	20,	2020.	Currently,	it	is	a	crowdsourced	database	of	cities	in	the	world	analyzing	8302	cities	and	10	parameters	for	each	as	well	as	about	100	embassies.				Engineering	Manager	(contract)	Jun	2020	—	Current	 BPS	Int.	—	connected-bim.com	Munich,	Germany	Building	from	scratch	the	full	cycle	of	the	development	process	of	an	innovative	product	in	the	field	of	IIoT.				Chief	Technology	Officer	Feb	2015	—	Apr	2018	DaOffice	LLC	—	daoffice.ru	Moscow,	Russia	
As	a	partner	and	CTO	was	initially	hired	to	oversee	all	product	development,	team	building	and	management.	I	worked	on	enterprise	social	software	platform,	a	Russian	analog	of	Microsoft	Yammer	and	Facebook	Workplace.	Key	Achievements:		§ Implemented	product	development	lifecycle	from	scratch	and	introduced	Agile	methodologies.	Therefore,	releases	were	made	according	to	schedule.	§ Process	of	mobile	development	was	created.	2	new	flagman	products	and	6	applications	were	released.	§ As	a	result	of	QA	department	launch	a	number	of	hotfixes	was	significantly	decreased.	§ Was	engaged	in	system	performance	analysis.	During	evaluation	the	bottlenecks	were	detected,	and	web	application	response	time	decreased	from	~4	sec	to	~1,5	sec.	§ System	uptime	was	up	to	99.9%	due	to	monitoring	system	implementation.	§ Quality	of	customer	service	increased	up	to	70%	(based	on	first	reply	time	and	agent	touches)	according	to	Zendesk	statistic.	§ Designed	and	implemented	project	IT	infrastructure.	Some	optimizations	saved	30%	of	the	budget.	§ Organized	work	processes	with	3rd	party	contributors.	§ Development	and	management	of	KPI	for	the	developers'	team.				Lead	Software	Engineer	Feb	2013	—	Aug	2015	DELL	Inc.	—	dell.com	Moscow,	Russia	Joined	as	a	senior	software	engineer	to	work	on	web	part	of	Dell	One	Active	Roles	Server.	Worked	on	backend	and	frontend	parts	of	solution.	Later	was	promoted	to	lead	the	web	development	team	of	6.	Key	Achievements:		§ For	outstanding	contribution	to	business	results	and	dedication	to	customers	was	awarded	The	Dell	Champion	Award	as	the	employee	of	year.	§ Responsible	for	new	UI	and	UX	as	one	of	the	major	features	of	version	7.0.	Decreased	feature	time-to	market	from	12	to	4	months.	§ Unit	tests	covering	was	increased	to	70%.	Unit	tests	for	frontend	were	implemented	by	our	team	from	scratch.	§ Presented	MVP	to	the	product	owner	collected	feedback	for	next	release	and	sync	up	on	current	development	state.	It	allowed	to	estimate	must-have	features	in	time.	§ System	performance	analysis	combined	with	stress	testing	allowed	to	detect	and	fix	bottlenecks	resulting	in	the	improvement	of	response	time	up	to	20%.	§ As	a	result	of	the	research,	one	of	the	offered	modern	front-end	technologies	was	selected	for	use	in	following	versions.				Engineering	Manager	Jul	2011	—	Feb	2013	 Concert.ru	LLC	—	concert.ru	Moscow,	Russia	Started	my	way	in	Concert.ru	(the	biggest	ticket	portal	in	Russia)	up	from	a	software	developer	to	Head	of	development.	Working	collaboratively	with	in-house	departments	I	combined	positions	of	a	full-stack	web	developer	and	team	lead.	Key	Achievements:		§ Created	development,	quality	assurance,	and	implementation	methodologies	of	product	produce	lifecycle.	§ Responsible	for	an	idea,	development	and	delivery	of	a	new	product	conducive	to	the	business	growth.	§ The	development	department	grew	up	from	3	to	7	people.	§ Organized	development	and	releases	of	mobile	applications	from	scratch.	§ Helpdesk	department	was	created.	§ DB	monitoring	process	was	implemented.	Speed	of	most	valuable	reports	was	up	to	20	times.	§ Developed	a	strategy	against	DDOS	attacks.	§ Collaborated	with	SEO	specialists	that	resulted	in	the	top	2	rankings	on	Google	and	Yandex.	§ The	ticket	portal	for	Ukraine	was	launched	which	allowed	the	company	to	enter	the	new	market.	
		KEY	COMPETENCIES			§ Web	Development	§ Web	Applications	and	Services	§ Software	Development	Lifecycle	§ Software	Engineering	§ Agile	Methodologies	§ Scaled	Agile	Framework	§ Project	Management	§ Risk	Management	§ Solutions	Technical	Architecture	§ Team	Building	&	Development	§ UX	&	UI	Design	§ Startups				EDUCATION				Master’s	Degree	in	Computer	Science	2002	—	2008	Southern	Federal	University	Field	of	Information	Systems	and	Technologies	Russia				Y	Combinator	2017	Startup	Founder	Track	for	Startup	School	Online	with	the	Zentranet	company	Online		


207: Vladyslav Tyshchenko Data Analyst v2.pdf
V l a d y s l a vT y s h c h e n k o
Calgary ,
AB
|
Tyvla0009@gmail.com
|
+1
(587)
000-7226
|
http://www .linkedin.com/in/aaadtysh
Education
Taras
Shevchenko
National
University
Bachelor ’s
degree,
Data
Analytics
(Sep
2019
-
Jun
2023)
Skills
Programming
Languages:
Python,
C++
,
SQL,
HTML,
CSS
Libraries:
Flask,
Pandas,
Matplotlib,
Seaborn,
Plotly ,
Scikit-learn,
TensorFlow
Tools:
Tableau
,
Excel,
Word,
PowerPoint,
Outlook
,
Google
Sheets
,
VMware
Workstation
Languages:
English
(Upper
Intermediate),
Ukrainian
(Native),
Russian
(Fluent)
Experience
Blockchain
Analyst
(Jan
2022
–
Sep
2022)
Hedge
fund,
moscow
●
Conducted
in-depth
research
on
blockchain
technology ,
cryptocurrencies,
and
decentralized
protocols
across
various
blockchains.
●
Compiled
comprehensive
reports
summarizing
the
findings
and
presented
them
to
the
team.
●
Explored
trading
technologies
and
analyzed
a
range
of
indicators
to
identify
correlations
between
the
global
economy
and
the
cryptocurrency
market.
●
Developed
new
databases
and
optimized
the
process
of
automatically
populating
a
cryptocurrency
price
database
directly
from
blockchain
during
my
last
role.
Junior
Data
Analyst
(Aug
2021
-
Dec
2021)
Coral
Travel,
moscow
●
Collaborated
closely
with
the
analytics
and
sales
teams,
providing
them
with
up-to-date
and
processed
data.
●
Processed,
formatted,
and
automated
data
to
adjust
service
prices.
●
Compiled
reports
to
identify
areas
for
improvement
and
suggested
proposals
based
on
the
findings.
Courses
Intermediate
SQL
-
Calgary
Public
Library
(Issued
Oct
2023)
Introduction
to
SQL
-
Calgary
Public
Library
(Issued
Sep
2023)
Introduction
to
Python
3
Programming
-
Calgary
Public
Library
(Issued
Aug
2023)


208: Vsevolod Vinogradov.pdf
Vsevolod
Vinogradov 
Preferred
role:
Machine
Learning
Engineer
Tel:
+4571000077
(DK)
E-mail:
seva.vin@gmail.com
Education:
M.Sc.
in
Communications
Engineering
(2012)
Citizenship:
Russia
Residence:
Copenhagen,
DK,
ready
to
relocate
Linked
IN
Blog
Background
I
have
11
years
of
experience
in
computer
hardware
engineering.
The
key
focus
were
DSP
algorithms 
implementation
win
an
FPGA
and
ASIC
chips. 
DSP
(Digital
Signal
Processing)
is
a
wide
area
that
uses
techniques
from
the
applied
math,
analyses, 
statistics
and
statistical
learning
to
proceed
signals,
like
radio,
voice,
images,
in
a
digital
form.
DSP
gives 
theoretical
and
practical
recipes
to
develop
digital
circuits
for
signal
processing.
ASIC
is
small
pieces
of
silicon 
with
integrated
circuits
of
digital
logic,
that
we
often
refer
as
microchip.
Your
dishwasher
controller,
GPU
and
CPU 
are
ASICs.
ASIC
manufacturing
process
requires
millions
of
$
of
investment,
so
there’s
an
option
to
assemble 
custom
digital
circuit
from
predefined
building
blocks
“in-filed”.
FPGA
(Filed
Programmable
Gate
Array)
is
kind
of 
a
LEGO
blocks
set,
from
which
an
engineer
may
assemble
digital
circuits
“in
the
field”
by
reconfiguring
the 
firmware
of
the
FPGA
chip.
FPGA
and
ASIC
are
consist
of
IP(Intellectual
Property)
Cores,
sort
of
the
functional 
block.
I
switched
to
a
Software
Engineering
Role
to
expand
my
area
of
the
expertise
and
more
widely
utilize
my 
theoretical
skills
Skill
Set
Machine
Learning 
●
Strong
theoretical
background
in
linear
algebra,
statistics
and
numerical
methods 
●
Matlab,
SciPy,
RandomForest,
XGBoost 
●
Deep
Learning
with
TensorFlow,
Keras 
●
Extensive
data
exploration
and
visualization
skills 
Software
Engineering: 
●
Modern
C++14/17/20
with
for
Linux
and
Windows 
●
DevOps:
CI/CD,
TDD,
Jenkins,
Gitlab,
Doctest,
GoogleTest,
Bash,
CMake 
Computer
Hardware 
●
Deep
understanding
of
CPU
and
GPU
architectures,
DRAM/SRAM
memory
controllers,
PCIe 
and
network
interfaces
Work
Experience 
Alipes
A/S
Denmark
Quant
Developer,
●
Accelerate
decision
trees
and
DNN
models
on
the
FPGAs
for
financial
applications
●
Throughput
accelerations
Vitis
Flow,
Xilinx
software
oriented
OpenCL-like
system
for
Alveo
cards
series.
For
quantized
model
achieved
~30%
performance
in
prediction/sec
against
GPU
●
Low
latency
application
-
full
stack
system
design
-
HLS
kernel
development,
low
latency
PCIe
drivers
and
IP
Core,
project
design
in
Vivado,
Windows/Ubuntu
cross-platform
library,
integration
with
existing
computational
framework.
Reduced
prediction
latency
on
a
50%
in
comparison
with
GPU
CUDA
implementation
Widex
A/S,
Denmark
IC
Specialist,
Digital
Design
●
Design
and
implementation
of
ultra-low-power
DSP
blocks
for
next-generation
hearing
aids
for
ASIC
with
a
strong
focus
on
space
and
power
usage
optimization.
Maintain
and
documentation
of
the
existing
legacy
IP
cores.
Functional,
integrations
and
code
coverage
testing●
I
helped
our
team
with
the
transition
from
SVN
to
Git
and
from
hardware
design
language
VHDL
to
System
Verilog.
Prepared
training
materials
and
held
more
than
10
workshops
in
a
small
groups
for
cross-border
teams
in
Germany
and
Denmark.
●
Working
under
FDA
and
EMEA
regulation
regarding
the
safety
and
reliability
requirements
for
medical
devices.
Cobham
Satcom
(ex.
Thrane&Thrane),
Denmark
FPGA
Development
Engineer
in
Aviator
S-team
March
2018
—
December
2018
●
Design,
support
and
maintain
IP
Cores
for
Zynq
SoC
in
Aviator
S
Smart
Aircraft
project
●
Safety
and
security
requirements
writing
and
implementing,
design
test
cases
and
specification
for
commercial
airlines'
avionics
certification
Huawei
Technologies
,
Russian
Research
Center,
Moscow
Algorithm
researcher
in
Nonlinear
IRF
sector
Key
projects:
●
Develop
in
Matlab
and
implement
in
the
FPGA
complex-arithmetic
multilayer
non-linear
adaptive
filtering
system
(DPD)
for
radio
frequency
applications
in
4G+
base
stations
●
4x4
MIMO
Platform.
Developed
embedded
platform
software
and
Matlab
API
for
communication
over
1G
Ethernet
Awards:
Outstanding
Contractor
award
2016
of
Russian
R&D
Center
Member
of
Outstanding
Team
Award
2017
Digital
Solutions
,
SPE,
LLC
Moscow
FPGA
designer
Full-stack
electronic
design
from
small
IP
cores
to
device
production.
Key
Projects:
●
Member
of
FPGA
team
on
the
Deep
packet
inspection
(DPI)
project
●
Develop
Error
Correction
Code
for
System-on-Chip
ASIC
Research
Institute
of
Precision
Instruments
,
Moscow
FPGA
designer
-
Research
satellite
radio
channel
and
develop
error
correction
codes
for
space
applications
-
Develop
FPGA
based
satellite
hardware
Awards
:
Concatenation
codes
research
project
took
the
prize
“Youth
and
future
of
aviation
and
space
exploration
2012”
of
Russian
Aerospace
Agency
[ru
link]
Education
-
M.Sc.
in
Communications
Engineering
.
National
Research
University
"MAI"(A viation
Institute)
2006-2012,
5.5
years
-
Advanced
specialization,
2
years,
Information
technology
in
electronic
design
-
DSP,
ARM,
PCB
design,
FPGA,
microcontrollers,
amplifiers.
Certificated,
with
honors
-
Specialization
“Advanced
Machine
Learning
”[link]
by
NRE
Higher
School
of
Economics,
2020
○
Introduction
to
Machine
learning
100%
○
Introduction
to
deep
learning.
98.2%
With
Honor
○
Bayesian
Methods
for
Machine
Learning
With
Honor
○
Practical
Reinforcement
Learning
,
With
Honors
○
Addressing
Large
Hadron
Collider
Challenges
by
Machine
Learning
○
How
to
Win
a
Data
Science
Competition
○
Natural
Language
Processing
○
Deep
Learning
in
Computer
vision
-
Online
Courses:
●
EDX
:Circuits
&
Electronics:
MITx
6.002x
MITx,
2012
●
Coursera:
IBM:
Databases
and
SQL
for
Data
Science,
2020
●
Udemy
Advanced
C++Programming
2020


209: Yan Doe.pdf
Yan.doe@gmail.com
Senior
Backend
Developer
https://www .linkedin.com/in/Y an-doe
Yan
Doe
Professional
Experience
123
Technology
Services
Some
town1
Senior
Java
Developer,
online
advertising
platform
Sep
2020
‑
present
•
Within
a
team,
designed
and
developed
an
online
advertising
platform
for
the
Belgian
media
company
.
•
Implemented
integration
with
a
payment
provider
and
internal
financial
system.
•
Reduced
production
deployment
cycle
from
2
month
to
2
weeks.
•
Was
involved
in
interviewing,
mentoring,
and
onboarding
activities.
Primary
technologies:
Java
11,
AWS,
Quarkus,
Postgres,
Terraform
345
company
Some
town2
Java
Developer
,
risk
management
solution
for
car
loans
Mar
2019
‑
Aug
2020
•
Designed
and
implemented
online
service
for
one
of
top
20
world
bank
that
is
using
by
car
dealers
in
Germany .
The
product
automates
the
process
of
getting
credits
for
cars
and
has
all
necessary
services
within
one
platform
for
car
dealers
and
bank
managers.
•
Implemented
push
notifications
system
sending
tens
of
types
of
notifications
to
internal
and
external
users.
The
system
increased
user
engagement.
•
Implemented
integration
with
the
archive
system.
The
integration
reduced
the
time
of
loan
application
processing
by
10%
Primary
technologies:
Java
11,
Spring,
ActiveMQ,
Postgres,
Kubernetes
789
Systems
Some
town3
Java
Developer
,
financial
risk
analysis
solution
Sep
2017
‑
Mar
2019
•
Developed
a
solution
for
getting
information
about
the
ultimate
beneficial
owners
of
the
business.
The
product
became
a
part
of
the
financial
risk
analysis
platform.
•
Production
environment
configuration
and
deployment.
•
Implemented
integration
with
an
external
system
for
getting
information
about
company
owners.
Primary
technologies:
Java
8,
Guice,
AWS,
Jenkins
Super
company
Some
town4
Java
Developer
,
ERP
implementation
project
Sep
2016
‑
Dec
2017
•
Integrated
ERP
system
with
internal
logistic
services.
•
Developed
an
online
dashboard
for
predicting
the
number
of
parcels
that
will
come
to
the
logistic
hub
in
the
time
range.
•
General
debugging,
bug
fixing,
and
refactoring.
Education
Sometown
National
Technical
Univeristy
Some
town5
,
country
Master’s
degree,
Economic
cybernetics
2008
‑
2013
AWS
Certified
Solutions
Architect
–
Associate 
Oracle
Certified
Associate,
Java
SE
8
Programmer


210: АЛЕКСЕЙ КУРБАНОВ.pdf
KHALIMBETOV ASLAN khalimbetovvvvvvvv@gmail.com    OBJECTIVE Dedicated 3rd-year computer science student with strong skills in Python, C, SQL, and Java. Experienced in teaching ”Advanced C” and well-versed in algorithms and data structures. Looking for software development roles to apply my knowledge and grow professionally.  EDUCATION Bachelor of Computer Science, Sejong University (Seoul/South Korea) 2020 - 2024 SKILLS Technical Languages: Python, C, Java, SQL Frameworks: Django Data  Analysis  Libraries: Matplotlib, Pandas Soft Skills: Problem-solving, Critical Thinking, Communication, Teamwork  EXPERIENCE Video  Codec  Engineer August 2023 - Current Sejong University Seoul, South Korea • Collaborated with a multidisciplinary team to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve codec-related issues • Documented standardization processes and findings, contributing to the lab’s knowledge base and best practices. Teacher  Assistant  Advanced  C Programming March 2022 - July 2022 Sejong University  Seoul, South Korea • Boosted students’ understanding of Advanced C by 40% through tailored assignment assistance,  leveraging expertise in C language and debugging. • Pioneered a teaching approach that elevated code efficiency by 50%, combining technical prowess with innovative curriculum strategies.  PROJECTS Korea Income and Welfare Gender Predictor. • Utilized Python, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, and Scikit-learn. • Built a logistic regression model from scratch to predict gender based on income, region, and education. • Achieved high accuracy, showcasing the model’s predictive capabilities. Django E-Commerce Clothing Platform. • Developed using Django, focusing on clothing retail. • Features include user-friendly navigation, secure authentication, advanced search, and efficient transaction sys- tems. • Set a benchmark for online clothing platforms with its blend of design and functionality. EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES • Core member of the university’s Computer Security Club, actively participating in discussions, workshops, and events focused on the latest cybersecurity trends and threats. 

211: Малиновский Аркадий.pdf
Навыки
Малиновский 
Аркадий
(914)-755-0000
|
gaaaawi@galqiwi.ru
|
@galaawi
|
galaawi
Языки
программирования
:
C++,
Python,
SQL
(PostgreSQL,
SQLite)
Технологии
:
linux,
git,
docker,
pycharm/clion
Образование
Студент
бакалавриата
МФТИ
,3
курс
09/2019
–
настоящее
Физтех
-
школа
Прикладной
Математики
и
Информатики
(
ФПМИ
)
Долгопрудный,
Московская
область
Pet
проекты
v k . c o m / u d f b o t
09/2020
—
01/2021
4 . 6
к
пользователей
•
Бот
для
создания
простых
дипфейков
на
основе
first
order
motion
model,
•
Использовались
Python,
Docker,
Flask,
requests,
sqlite.
v k . c o m / p n g 2 p d f
07/20204 5 2
пользователя
•
Бот
для
конвертации
png
в
pdf,
•
Использовались
Python,
requests,
imagemagick.
h a b r . g a l q i w i . r u
11/20192 6 8
пользователей
•
Проект
показывает
графики
сна
пользователей
хабра,
собирая
статистику
комментирования,
•
Использовались
Django,
Pillow,
requests.
Достижения
Золотая
медаль
на
международной
олимпиаде
по
физике
,
Дважды
абсолют
,
четырежды
победитель
всероссийской
олимпиады
по
физике
,
Дважды
призёр
всероссийской
олимпиады
по
математике
.
Опыт
работы
T e r r aQ u a n t u m
08/2020
– 
настоящееM LE n g e n e e r
•
Разработал
GPT-based
пайплайн
для
диалогового
бота,
применяемый
во
внутреннем
продукте
компании,
•
Использовались
huggingface,
pytorch,
docker.


212: Резниченко Алексей.pdf
Резниченко	Алексей	Екатеринбург |   +7(912)03-000-00 |   Краткое	описание	Data Scientist/ML Engineer Имею более года опыта коммерческой работы с глубоким обучением и ML. Хочу развиваться в направлении timeseries или ML. Технологический		стек	Python: pytorch, pandas, sklearn, xgboost, matplotlib, optuna, plotly, statsmodels, numpy, scipy, etc. Вспомогательные инструменты: SQL, pyspark, bash. Нейронные сети: CNN, LSTM, GRU, FC, Transformer, etc. Математический стек: Теория вероятности, статистика, оптимизация, линейная алгебра и другое.  Опыт	работы	Data Scientist/ML Engineer Июнь 2022 - Июнь 2023 AXALIT • Разработал пайплайн на sklearn/pytorch/optuna, классифицирующий химические составы в камне для горнодобывающей промышленности. Модель обрабатывала трехмерный тензор спектральных отсчетов. Имплементировал модель в AXALIT. Точность модели составила 0.89 по метрике kappa. Результаты позволили привлечь инвестиции в проект. • Разработка и развертывание SMP/XGBoost системы по обнаружению и классификации отходов оптического сепаратора WingsBee. Обучил модель семантической сегментации с метрикой IoU=0.89. Индексы соответствующих классов выхода модели SS поступали в модель Xgboost. Cohen Kappa=0.82. Cистема получила звание: "Лучшее распознавание и анализ отходов!"на выставке Иннопром (Главная промышленная выставка страны). • Разработал систему по object detection поврежденного тросса на базе YOLOv5. Внедрил квантизированный пайплайн в процессор дрона, с последующим съемом данных с местного жесткого диска и максимизации метрик до IoU=0,892. Это привело к снижению расходов заказчика на 12.8%. • Классификация овальнообразных металлов с микроскопа. Организовал детектор контуров на OpenCV-java. Из-за недостатка данных, синтезировал их самостоятельно на Opencv-python. Обучил 3-слойную CNN. • Детекция и расчет псевдодиаметров овальнообразного пресса на базе Grabcut OpenCV. Репетитор по теории связи Октябрь 2020 - Апрель 2022 Profi • 3 моих учеников сдали экзамен по цифровой обработке сигналов на отлично. 1 ученик сдал курсовую на тему оптимальной линейной фильтрации. 2 Также 1 ученик сдал на отлично диплом на тему “Методы борьбы с межсимвольной интерференцией на основе оптимального H-infinity управления.” • 2 ученика сдали курсовые работы на тему линейных моделей в ML на 5. В рамках потенциального стартапа Февраль 2023 - Август 2023  • Разрабатывал модели по прогнозированию движения актива на базе скрытых моделей Маркова, AR/аналогов AR, deep learning и classic ML. Но как Джим Саймонс пока не разбогател:) • Исследовал методологию mean reversion trading на базе процессов Орнштейна-Уленбека, AR(1) процессов, Калмановской фильтрации и OLS Научная		деятельность	Malygin, A. Loginovskikh and G. Reznichenko, "The Use of Spread Spectrum Signals to Increase the Noise Immunity of Optical Communication Systems Based on the Effect of LED Reversibility", 2019 International Multi-Conference on Engineering, Computer and Information Sciences (SIBIRCON), Novosibirsk, Russia, 2019, pp. 0069-0072, doi: 10.1109/SIBIRCON48586.2019.8958423 Образование	Уральский Федеральный Университет ИРИТ - РТФ. Инфокоммуникационные технологии и системы связи Сентябрь 2016 - Май 2020 

